Dan Martinell has over 10 years experience in information security including identity management, application security, and pentesting. Dan has served as team lead in two roles and excels when deep diving into difficult problems, while simltaneously motivating his team. He currently leads a pentest team for Nordstrom and its subsidiaries. Dan has multiple 0-day vulnerabilities in popular and highly used software products. He uses creative approaches to attack systems/software as a strong foundation for his success.
Looking for Employment as a Pentester/Security/Help Desk in the Windows and Linux operating systems.
I have over 15 years of experience in Internet Security.  I have been working at Johnson & Wales University for the past 12 years doing Information Security.  Some of my responsibilities include: Penetration Testing, Security Audits for Windows and Unix/Linux Servers (Before Go-Live), Periodic Security Audits for: Client Machines, Servers, Network Devices, Insecure Open Ports, Weak SSL Certificates, New Vulnerabilities, etc., Monitoring the Network for Malicious Activity and Unencrypted Traffic, Staying Up to Date With the Latest Vulnerabilities, Exploits and 0 Days,   My Primary Focus is Penetration Testing With an Emphasis on Web Application Security.  I have the following GIAC certs: GWAPT, GCIH, GWAS, and GPEN.  Specialties: OWASP ZAP, Burp Professional, Nessus, Metasploit, ratproxy, WA3F, Wireshark, Nmap, Goolag, WebScarab, TCPdump, Net Stumbler, Kismet, Netcat, Cain, pwdump, John, BackTrack,, Firewalls, and other various applications/tools. SQL Injection, XSS, CSRF, RFI, Browser Based Exploits, etc.
I am a high-energy individual who thrives in fast-paced, high-volume environments where I manage multiple projects with unique deadlines, budgets, and priorities. I have a passion for continuous business and process improvement, optimizing internal processes, and implementing new procedures; resulting in improved efficiency and reduced operating expenses. I am comfortable in balancing business goals with sales and marketing strategies and love to collaborate between departments and management levels. As an accomplished linguist and writer, I have excellent oral and written communication skills, am adept at French, Russian, and Italian, and able to easily thrive in multi-cultural environments.
I Love anything computer security and have been providing network and server security for over 10 years now, Banks,Healthcare and Utility company's In North Dakota, Minnesota and Montana, Main Focus : Penetrations testing and security Audits
Pentester and programmer who enjoys the creative process of breaking and making software. Specializes in testing web and mobile applications.  Advocate for increasing the representation of women and underrepresented groups in the security industry.
PC Load Letter?!
As far back as I could remember I was hooked on anything with a circuit in it. Figuring out the proper release times on the stuff animal machine at the local Italian restaurant or the backdoor search method on middle school computers to gain access to other students assignments. I spent good amount of time learning from my family especially my grandparents, who taught me great problem-solving skills being it in business or in engineering.  I have taken that knowledge over the years and turned it into a love of computers and electronics. I have done many projects over the years from web design, photo editing, website development but have a passion for security.   Programming Languages  Bash Python Ruby    Feel free to contact me @  mnowell@nowellsecurity.net
Coming to CCI was like enrolling at Hogwarts. Code is a magical language and your laptop becomes your wand. You can use it to build wonderfully disruptive and fantastic things you can take anywhere, unlike at Hogwarts where your powers are limited to campus.
Author of IKECrack, WEPCrack, WEPWedgie, XSS-Proxy and co-author of XSS-Attacks Book.    Presented at Defcon and many other security conferences. Research featured in multiple books including Phishing Exposed, Maximum Wireless Security, WI-FOO: The Secrets of Wireless Hacking as well as multiple online articles.   Specialties:  Cryptography/VPNs Wireless Security and Software Defined Radio Protocol Fuzzing Web/Application Security Firewalls/NAT Network Engineering Application Development Systems Engineering and Linux Kernel
Security enthusiast, penetration tester, Defcon CTF team leader.
Senior Pentester, C# .NET, Python, extremely versed in Offensive Cyber Operations. Cleared.
Currently working part time as a penetration tester for a cybersecurity consulting firm. Previous expertise as an Sonar Electronics Technician in the military with skills in leadership, problem solving, instruction, intelligence analysis, government policy, force protection and military regulations.
Experienced Senior with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Ethical Hacking, Threat & Vulnerability Management, Counterterrorism, Malware Analysis, and Reverse Engineering. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Arts - BA focused in English Language and Literature, General from Universidad del Sagrado Corazón.
My history of success comprises years in defining and guiding the implementation of IT/Cyber Security/Information Assurance industry best practices and standards to strengthen organizations growth.    I have done both sides of the Cyber Security operations: defensive, and offensive. e.g.  On the defensive side, are you guys using signature based detection, or using heuristics?  On the offensive side, I have performed Web-app Pen-testings. How secure is your system?  Are you doing cyber war gaming?  On the offensive side, I have performed WebApp manual penetration testing -- showing that the exploit actually works.     My achievements are the following: ~ Successfully performed web-app pen-testing within a corporate, government, and academic environments ~ Exceptional analytical skills and exceeding organizational IT/Cyber/Information Assurance and business needs ~ Skilled at correlating all events logs and utilizing inductive and deductive reasoning, complex problem solving and active listening abilities to manage computer networks including hardware, application/systems, malware analysis ~ Spoken languages: English, Castellano or Español, Chinese - Mandarin (國語) , and Taiwanese (台語) ~ Holds MS in Information Assurance, BS in Information Systems Management and is certified in: CompTIA (CE) Security+, Network+ CE, CEH, C|NDA, and served as Subject Matter Expert for CompTIA PENTEST+, Splunk Fundamentals, and NSE 1 & 2 Network Security Associate, Fortinet, etc.   Prefer free parking.  Please send me an email with the job description, and I will get back to you.  I check my email at least twice a day.  Personal Identifier Information (PII) will not be provided over the phone, Skype, or any other type of communication devices.  Any phishing, vhishing, scams, or data pilfering will be ignored and deleted.  A PDF copy of my resume & certificates can be downloaded below.  Please enlarge the document to full screen mode located on the bottom right side and hover over the [ ] icon, and there should be a download [↓] icon on the TOP right hand corner to download the document in PDF.  My contact number and email is on my resume.  A verbal agreement is a legal binding agreement, once you have agree to something, you can not take it back.
I am a highly motivated individual, with excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, seeking a challenging Information Security position.  I am a resourceful problem solver with the proven ability to bring quick resolutions to challenging situations
InfoSec professional. Cyberpunk by choice and trade. Also acts. Future OSCP.
Passionate cyber security enthusiast on track to becoming a junior penetration tester, currently looking for remote roles, open to all opportunities.
Self motivated and disciplined individual with a passion for information security.
Arthur is a successful entrepreneur, technology professional, and mentor. He is a full-time family man, part-time consultant and spare-time musician. He graduated from Loyola University Chicago and currently lives in greater Chicago-land.  -----  As a cybersecurity executive and software engineer with nearly 20 years of experience, I am obsessively focused on solving customer problems. Technical challenges certainly excite me, but providing value to the end user has always proved to be the best path towards success.  As a team leader, I am driven to develop high-performing teams and am relentless in helping people do their best technical work. I am passionate about fostering a culture in which all team members can contribute and grow -- because when you create an incredible team, you'll create incredible things.  Are you looking for a technical leader, mentor, or consultant? I'd love to talk about how I could help!
•	17+ years of experience in various key roles at product companies in and around Product management, Technical marketing and Engineering  •	Experienced in doing competitive analysis of existing and upcoming security products to ensure our features are in sync or ahead of our competition. Currently working on coming up with a secure mobile device\application management cloud solution to be provided as a SaaS, including endpoint security  •	Worked on creating strategy documents with QA in order to match requirements with FSD\DSD and provide direction and guidance on “how to” test functionality of the feature  •	Participating in product launches and sales kick-offs to build technical product messaging, pitching across product technologies for both consumer and enterprise products  •	Represented the voice of the customers to internal teams and prioritise product enhancements by making smart, decisive tradeoffs using data-driven analysis and sound judgment. Product owned various projects in parallel from building security products or servers to support enterprise environments   •	Experienced in creating use cases, feature requirements, and high level test plans around firewall, intrusion prevention, application and device control, auto location, & host integrity. Created detailed product requirement documents that clearly articulate desired feature functionality   •	Build multiple projects from scratch and also supported flagship products at organisations  •	Strong expertise in understanding customer networks (topologies and design) which covered both IPv4 and IPv6 environments  •	Work with creating PRD's  and converting them into functional requirements and writing functional epics and stories to be groomed with engineering
Backdoors, Ransomware, Spyware and every type of malware is more about manipulating and controlling vulnerabilities in human psychology than the adversary's technological sophistication.
I am a mission-driven veteran of the United States Army, and my mission is to provide veterans with the training and resources needed to complete the toughest of missions the military has- leaving. Finding a career (or even a decent job) can seem like an impossible task; I know it felt like that for me. When I left the Army, I had big plans- all of which came crashing down on top of me. I fell into the downward spiral that many a vet has fallen into as well. Many make it through, some stronger for it; yet most come out just barely surviving. Some don't make it out at all... I made it out of that dark, terrible place, and came out stronger because of it. And though I would not be where I am were it not for my struggles, I strongly believe that no veteran should have to go through what I experienced. Every day, however, they do. So it's my mission to help every veteran I can by giving them the tools and resources I never had, so they never have to do what I did nor experience what I went through. I want every veteran to not only succeed and survive, but to be wealthy and thrive.  Professional Accomplishments  •	Awarded DoD Security Clearance •	Team Lead for organizational-wide operational readiness and system diagnostics. Personally responsible for $70M in communications equipment and vehicles. Awarded Army Achievement Medal for implementing program to decrease downtime by 20%.  •	Awarded numerous Medals for ‘Exceptional Meritorious Service’.   Personal Accomplishments  •	Passionate outdoorsman and computer nerd •	First to complete all three Covered 6 academies successfully
Over 10 years of experience in IT security, Software Development and Hardware support within the Information Technology industry. Work as a Malware engineer , Analyst, Network and Operating Systems Architect, to providing an assessment of the severity of weaknesses or deficiencies discovered in the information system and its environment of operation and recommend corrective actions to address identified vulnerabilities and malware.  I collaborate with the incident response team to conduct malware analysis, network and system security audits and reviews audit reports. I enjoy working in fast paced environment and I’m very adaptable to new situations.     Competencies: Cybersecurity Tools: Metasploit, NASM, SQLmap, Nmap, Wireshark, Nexpose.  Languages: Python, Java, C++, JavaScript, PowerShell Database: MSSQL, MySQL Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Mac Networking: LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, VPN, Router, Switches, Firewall, VMware, DNS, DHCP and many more.
As a penetration tester and security consultant with NCC Group, I perform dynamic and static testing on web and mobile applications for the Fortune 500 companies, ensuring that sensitive information of their clients is secure.   My daily job requires learning new skills all the time and keeping them sharp. Currently, I am working on Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) certification.    AREAS OF EXPERTISE : Web Application Penetration Testing, Mobile Testing (Android), Configuration Review (macOS, Windows, Linux, AWS Cloud)
Determined and motivated leader with proven ability to effectively manage both personnel and projects.  Self-starter and strong independent worker. Excel at analyzing products and procedures to generate new ideas to improve efficiency and production quality.  Highly adaptable to ever changing circumstances. Key member in any team developing and executing strategic business plans.
Penetration Tester & Sysadmin. I currently work as a Pentester + Security Consultant for Depth Security in KCMO. Let's connect!
Over 10 years experience in information security industry, securing bitcoin/virtual currencies, bitcoin regulation and compliance, blockchain technology, penetration testing, forensics & incident response, malware analysis, threat intelligence, application & mobile security, software development and public speaker.  Adjunct Instructor at New York University, currently teaching Computer Forensics, Securing Web Applications, and Intrusion Detection: Hacking Understood.  Research interests include malware analysis, cryptography, hardware programming, web application security, cyber crime and cyber laws.  Active OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project) member who wrote vulnerable software for the “capture the flag” contest at AppSecUSA 2013. Currently participating in a cyber-policy fellowship with the Madison Policy Forum in New York City.
Success-driven, results-oriented, and innovative professional with a diverse skillset and expertise in cyber security and threat hunting, system administration, and network security practices implementation.  Effective and hands-on leader with strong competency in driving high-quality and on-time completion of IT projects and cyber operations. Equipped with first-rate management skills in transforming visions and plans into strategic actions toward the achievement of established goals. Adept at identifying complex solutions and coordinating team efforts to achieve smooth and productive operations. Effective communicator; able to establish positive rapport and work collaboratively with individuals of all levels, coupled with advanced computer skills.  Veteran with over 8 years of experience in information security, cyber threat hunting, penetration testing, and project management.
Currently a Junior at Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology.  I am passionate about Information Security and Social Engineering. I participate in CTF's and Penetration Labs such as Hack The Box Labs and TryHackMe Labs in my free time to gain experience as well as attend Conferences such as Black Hat and Defcon.  Pursuing a career in the Information Security and Pentesting Field.
CERTIFICATIONS: ISC2, CISSP GIAC, GXPN GIAC, GWAPT CompTIA Pentest + CE AppSpider Pro & Enterprise Certified Specialist CompTIA, Linux + CompTIA, Security + CE Security University, Qualified Ethical Hacker Security University, Qualified Security Analyst Security University, Qualified Penetration Tester License Security University, Navy Validator, Qualified Certification & Accreditation Committee on National Security Systems (CNSS): 406A, 4011, 4012, 4013, 4015, 4016E, and 4016A  TRAINING: Practical Web Application Penetration Testing (PWAPT), 2019 Black Hat 2017, Offensive Mobile Application Exploitation Black Hat 2017, Dark Side Ops II: Adversary Simulation Exodus Intelligence, Vulnerability Development Master Class  Former owner Central-PA OWASP Chapter Speaker, BloomCON 2019  Selected as a Subject Matter Expert (SME)for the CompTIA Pentest+ exam, 2018 Guest speaker at the Qualys Security Conference, Topic:  Automating Vulnerability Management , 2017
My skills include network and web penetration testing, Industrial Control Systems (ICS) or Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) and network security. I have some experience with program languages to include Python, Go, Bash, Powershell to support security tool development and scripting.
Web application focused security engineer and researcher, focusing on penetration testing and writing better tools for security professionals. Leading and mentoring penetration testing teams. Masters in CISSP.  Specialties: Web application security and testing, linux/unix security, cooking things with sous vide, breaking things, eating cookies, believing in aliens, programming things, and avoiding yard work.  And I am now a fully certified influencer.
- Specialist on Cloud Infrastructure Management (AWS, MS Azure, OpenStack) - Specialist on process, platforms and administration of different devops stack (Git, Jira, Confluence, Tower, Docker, etc.). - Specialist on Linux (RHEL) - Specialists in computer security methodologies (OSSTMM, OWASP). - Technical specialist on pen-testing and code analysis (SAST and DAST). - Information Security Program Development. - Information Security Management Systems (ISMS) design and implementation based on ISO 27001 - IT Process and services development, design and analysis  Certifications:  AWS Security Fundamentals AZ-300: Microsoft Azure Architect Technologies (2019) OpenStack MCA100, Linux Academy Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), EC-Council
I am a dedicated student at Gateway Community College with the Year Up program, earning my associate's degree in cyber security, and a aspiring hacker for red team operations. I hold my Intro to Cyber Threat Intelligence Certification with the ability to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities and risk. I am passionate with the command line and am determined to raise awareness about threats and vulnerabilities associated with technology as it evolves.  I seek opportunities where I can learn new concepts and can apply myself efficiently. I have embarked on taking Cybrary courses, learning Python 2.7/3, and utilizing TryHackMe and HackTheBox to practice basic pentesting skills, to hopefully enter capture the flag competitions. I am in the process of building/configuring my own virtual machine black box environment; learning how each system prompts when remotely connecting, and breaking through Windows OS firewalls.  My goal is to become OSCP certified and gain hands-on experience; using knowledge to move laterally for the protection of data and information.
Experienced Senior Security Consultant with a demonstrated history of Penetration testing and Security Assessments for multiple clients covering multiple technologies such as trading potocols, Authentication technologies, infrastructure ..etc. Skilled in Web, Mobile, Desktop application Security, and exploit writing.   CVEs Reported: CVE-2019-19772 CVE-2019-19773
A seasoned and knowledgeable professional with over 15 years of successful experience in a variety of Information & Communication technologies, and information security system administration and analysis that I have acquired during my work with private, international governmental and non-governmental agencies in the Middle East, South East Asia and in the United States. Throughout my work, I have direct experience with penetration-testing, database design, ICT and digital security training, programming, developing clients’ cyber-security policies, incidence response and information security systems best practices to create secure computing environment. Lastly, I possess excellent research and organizational skills along with the ability to interact effectively with diverse groups of clients and exercise leadership, a number of skills that have prepared me well for a career in the information technology and business management field.    Technical Expertise: Programming Languages:               ASP.NET with C#, Pl/SQL Oracle, C, C++, DHTML, HTML, Foxpro, Java, Javascript, Visual Basic 6, VB Script, Prolog, XML.  Software and OS:   MS Windows servers, MS Office, MS SharePoint services, MS Access, SQL Server, Oracle, Kali Linux, Linux, Nmap, Nikto , Tenable Nessus , Acunetix , Qualys, Nexpose, OpenVAS, Burp Suite, Vega, OWASP Zap, Wireshark, TCPdump , Password cracking tools , Metasploit, Wireless tools (Hak5), Acronis TrueImage, COBIAN Backup, PGP Desktop , Password Management tools , and many Smartphone Security solutions.                                             Additional Technical Skills    -Penetration Testing   -Developing guidelines, manuals and policies   -knowledgeable in (NIST) Cyber-security Framework, PCI, and GDPR -Security compliance &  Network Protocols -Routers, Hubs, and Switches -Proxies , VPN solutions and Tor  -Email and Data Encryption solutions -Simulated Spear Phishing and Social engineering -ISO 17799 and ISO 27001 Best Practices
Experienced Lead Cybersecurity Engineer & Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry and capable of translating that into layman's terms for leadership.   Skilled in Joint Military Operations and Planning, ArcGIS, Sailing, Intelligence Analysis, and Military Aviation. Strong business development professional with a Master of Arts (M.A.) focused in Military Strategic Intelligence from American Military University and a great sense of humor and personal rapport as an encouraging team member!
Experienced Cyber Security and Information Technology professional with a demonstrated history of working in the enterprise and consumer electronics industry. Skilled in Network Administration, Network Security, Computer Programming, Incident Handling, Penetration Testing, Computer Forensics, OS X, iOS, Customer Service, and Technical Support.   Skillful in employing large cyber operational forces to exercise their capabilities across the domain.
Dedicated Cyber Security Professional with experience in host and network forensic analysis, threat hunting, network and web application penetration testing, enterprise vulnerability assessments, purple-team engagements, and network engineering/design, implementation, and security. Experience with Encase Enterprise, Autopsy, SIFT Workstation, Volatility, MITRE ATT&CK Framework, Burp Suite Professional, Kali Linux, Metasploit, Nessus, Acunetix, Cobalt Strike, Moloch, OS Query, Graylog, and Elasticsearch / Logstash / Kibana (ELK stack).  Current Cybersecurity Incident Responder, Digital Forensic Analyst, Enterprise Vulnerability Assessor, and Pentester/Red-Team member at AFCERT; active TS/SCI w/ CI Poly. Prior Network Engineer responsible for two separate networks of 100+ nodes, /16 IP space.
Developer | Pentester | Athlete.
I am currently a full time Pentest/Red team engineer. Truly the best job in IT!
Reza Zaveri, Security+, A+, is a SOC Security Analyst at Alert Logic. Also, as a hobby, he loves to do pentesting on Hack The Box (HTB) machines.  Dynamic and motivated IT professional with a proven record of generating and building relationships managing and executing complex projects from concept to completion. Adaptable and transformational leader with an ability to work independently, creating effective reports, presentations, and developing opportunities that further establish organizational goals.
I am a graduate of the University of Cincinnati, where I studied Neuroscience and Psychology with a minor in Criminal Justice. I worked for an institutional review board in regulatory pharmaceutical and medical device compliance, and led specialized committees targeting Phase I research and emergency research. I moved to IT consulting in 2018, and currently work as a Security Engineer in healthcare while pursuing graduate studies in Advanced Computer Security at Stanford. I continue to serve as a genetic scientist for NIH-regulated recombinant genetic studies, and sit on advisory boards for Cybrary and Security Blue Team. I recently obtained my Certified Human Trafficking Investigator and Expert in Cyber Investigation credentials through the McAfee Institute, and work with various law enforcement groups and task forces in order to combat human trafficking through digital forensics and analysis. My area of expertise lies in GDPR/HIPAA/regulatory compliance and medical device security.
Experienced Cyber Security Professional with five years of experience in Web application Pentesting, Offensive security (Red team), Vulnerability Assessment, and security operations.
Learning more deeply is my passion in this life, especially in learning Network and web application security.
I hold a BA in computer science (minor in mathematics) and an MS in computer science (specialization in computer and network security). I've worked in myriad security- and software development-focused positions, and have focused on IAM, management consulting, and penetration testing. I've also founded Keyqo (formerly HealthHeart), which develops decentralized HCIT products based on blockchain technology.
Mr. Tyrone E. Wilson is a passionate information security professional with 24 years of experience in information technology and has a mission to improve as many lives as possible through education in cybersecurity. Wilson also has extensive knowledge in computer network defense, vulnerability assessments, cyber threat analysis, and incident response. As a former cybersecurity analyst for the United States Army, Wilson developed security structures to ensure American intelligence systems were protected from foreign threats. Currently, Wilson is the Founder and President of Cover6 Solutions, LLC; which teaches companies and professionals various aspects of information security, penetration testing, and IPv6.    Wilson is also the organizer of The D.C. Cyber Security Professionals. With over 7,500 members, it is the largest #Cybersecurity meetup group in the United States. In addition, Wilson is also on the Review Board of BSides NoVA and Howard University and has recently presented and/or taught classes at major conferences and events such as BSidesNoVA 2020, BSidesNoVA 2019, BSidesDC 2018, ISACA GWDC Cybersecurity & Risk Conference, ISSA Mid Atlantic Security Conference, BSides NoVA 2017, BSides DC 2017, and DCCyberWeek 2017.  Wilson was also a Keynote Speaker at the Hacker Halted 2019.
I have worked in information security since 2003, specifically with open source security tools and operating systems. My experience ranges from advanced system administration, to reverse engineering and threat detection at the host and network level. My degrees include a Masters of Science in Information Assurance from Capitol College (now Capitol Technology University) where I have served as an adjunct professor.
Currently working towards my Offensive Security Certified Expert (OSCE) certification.   Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP)
Python Developer, Certified Ethical Hacker Pilot Single Engine Land and Drone  Work and play well with others; Introduction and Relationship Building a Specialty.   System Programmer, weened on Assembly Language with Data General Minicomputers in late 1970's. Background in Real Time programming and Embedded systems, custom device driver writing, Network protocols, Instrument Buses and Operating Systems. Client base has included aerospace, federal law enforcement, intelligence agency contractors and computer manufacturers.
TSO  | My Handle is T0g3therT1m3 - HackTheBox, TryHackMe, Major Leauge CTF  Current study: Blue Team Level 1 and C|EH  To advance my career with a leading organization that will utilize my extensive cyber security knowledge while also allowing me to develop further as a professional.  My Skills:  • Linux  • Wireshark • Encase • Autopsy • Splunk
Experienced Information Security Specialist skilled in Penetration Testing, Social Engineering and Cyber Security. Strong IT security professional who thinks outside the box and then hacks into it.
Ever curious and puzzle loving computer nerd seeking stable employment with your company. This can be mutually beneficial. I can provide a valuable service to your company that will help you grow in an increasingly competitive economy, and in addition to paying me a modest wage I get constantly exposed to new technology and problems to solve.  I have over 10 years experience in the industry. I work well with others and absorb the knowledge of my coworkers like a sponge in water.
An accomplished “IT Security Engineer / Penetration Tester” with about 7 years of experience, specialized in managing security projects from concepts to completion with remarkable deadline sensitivity; Worked in financial, insurance, hospitality industries, specialized in information technology assurance, web application security, secure coding, mobile application security, application security controls and validation, risk assessment, regulatory compliance and Secure Software Development Life Cycle (secureSDLC). Comprehensive knowledge in executing Network penetration tests, (Internal and External Networks), Application Security tests (Black box, Grey box) including Mobile applications and thick clients, API testing, Wireless Penetration Test, Citrix Breakout and Configuration Audit Skilled in performing grey box and black box testing of the web applications.  Proficient in performing Static and Dynamic Analysis and Security Testing (SAST and DAST) for applications as per industry standards. Experienced in the usage of pentest tools like Burp Suite professional, sqlmap, SWF scanner, Cenzic Hailstorm, Echo Mirage, ITR, Qualys, Nessus, nmap, nikto, Kali Linux, Metasploit, password cracking using JTR, mimikatz and psexec  Adept in the testing and analysis of benchmarking the application against industry standards such as PCI DSS, OWASP and SANS  Supported the development team in addressing and integrate Security in SDLC by following techniques like Threat Modeling, Risk Management, Penetration Testing, etc. Functioned as Information Security Analyst Subject Matter Expert (SME) for a number of clients Strong problem solving, and analytical skills combined with experience in network security Working knowledge of Payment Card Industry (PCI), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Sarbanes-Oxley Section404 (SOX), Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council's (FFIEC) regulations, including OWASP Top 10 and SANS Top 25 software guidelines.
I am Newbie Pentester
I served 14 years in U.S. army I am a disabled veteran. my last assignment I was a unit supply specialist/ armorer I kept up with unit property book kept records.my passion is cyber security and music I  used to wrestle professionaly with promotions in the south. I like to connect as networking can open doors for each of us! I'm well versed in tools and power equipment and machines in the heavy industrial market. I also have taken FEMA course on how to react to active shooters and the geospatial information system specialist course. currently I'm retired at 44 yrs old and just enjoying life and playing guitar. if you want to jam contact me!
Frank earned his Cyber Security Degree at WGU and Cyber Risk Management Certificate at Harvard Extension. Frank continues to expand his knowledge on technologies which focus in the tech industry’s. He is passionate about Cyber Forensic Investigation and Ethical Hacking. He has advanced skills in systems networking and cloud computing.   Frank is also mastering his skills in Microsoft Office 365 applications, where he has learned to create professional presentations and spreadsheets. Frank not only likes to learn new concepts, but takes on new challenges which not many would confront.
From corporate engineering to full-time freelancing, I am your go-to career consultant for finding and securing your ideal career in cybersecurity. I have obtained over 5 years of experience in the corporate tech setting and I am now utilizing what I have learned to help others break into the field.   I am also on a journey to run my own penetration testing company to help small and large companies better secure their networks, applications, and devices. Stay up to date with my progress by following my platforms below:  
a professional focused on IT security, with a specialty in Infrastructure Engineering and IT Management, has strong knowledge of Cobit 2019, COBIT is the internationally accepted framework as a good practice for the control of information, IT and the risks they imply. COBIT is used to implement IT governance and improve IT controls. Jonatan has more than twelve (12) years of experience in the field of IT, and is part of several national and international projects in the public and private sector. He has extensive experience in project planning and execution, Computer Audit and Pen Testing, preparation of policies, procedures and documentation to support decision making. He has a vast experience in the administration of Windows and Linux servers, strengthening security, virtualization, networks, IP telephony, Active Directory, WSUS, Cloud Computing and Defense in depth. He was part of the BACC Caribbean Savings and Credit Bank in the Dominican Republic, as Director of the IT Department, managing the technological advances of the institution for 7 years. Currently he moved to the United States, in search of new professional challenges, which boost his career, as an infrastructure engineer and related technologies.
Veteran - Father - Husband - Cybersecurity Professional
** I'm open for new opportunities, but only full-time remote roles. Thank you! **  Application security engineer focused on penetration testing of applications and developing secure solutions to assist individuals and companies. Experienced in web and mobile assessments, and always strives to further knowledge and personal growth. In my spare time I write fiction, travel, and do photography.
Web Developer - Application Penetration Tester - Security+ A+
Principle pentester
Provide strategy and Roadmap to implement the right JIRA solution Implement CI/CD project and define coding best practices Create a DevSecOps Practice Application development lifecycle / SDLC Security Researcher on hidden attack vectors Wireless security attacks Android and iOS exploitation attack Dynamic & Static Analysis of Android Apps and IOS Apps Skills in Exploit Development Metasploit Framework Build exploits modules- Explore features of Mona.py with Immunity Debugger WordPress Hacking & Security Measures Write working exploits Advanced Exploitation Techniques Exploiting the top 10 OWASP Vulnerabilities Software Security Testing Buffer Overflows Vulnerability Testing Web Application Penetration Testing PHP Scripts, Python and JAVA Wireless and MiTm attack Networking Penetration Testing Hacking Forensics Investigator
Andrew is a highly motivated and talented, experienced PenTester, who has taken his skills and passion for networking and security to network defense/design and finally to education. As a passionate teacher, he has shown a talent for helping others learn, understand, and grow. He is a Certified IT professional that has experience with Networking and Security engineering as well as Systems Administration. Some of his expertise includes Information Security, routing and switching, scripting for Windows and Linux, and MDM Support. He is comfortable working with IT and non-IT team members alike, and has a gift for clear and concise communication.   Certifications: - CCNA Routing and Switching  - Palo Alto ACE (Accredited Configuration Engineer) - Version 8.1  Education: - Masters of Cybersecurity and Leadership (August 2020) - Bachelor of Applied Science – Network Administration and Security (March 2019) - Associate of Applied Technology –Microsoft Technology (December 2017) - AAT – Network Technology (December 2017) - AAT – Cisco Network Technology (March 2018)  Technical Skills: - Network Security - Firewalls (PaloAlto, PFSense, Endian, SOX, IPTables, CiscoASA,) - Proxies and VPN Tunnels - ACLs - Endpoint hardening - Active Directory/Group Policy - LDAP - DNS/DHCP - Cloud and Virtualization - Azure/Hyper-V - vSphere/VMWare - AWS - EMC - Penetration Testing 	- On premises and remote 	- Highly Skilled at Social Engineering - Network Vulnerability Analysis - Information Security Auditing - Netflow - PCAP/Log Analysis - Cisco - Routing/Switching/Layer-3 Switches - Security –IPS/IDS - Linux Administration  - Windows Server 2008/2008R2/2012R2/2016 - Scripting: PowerShell, BASH, some Python 	- Exposure to Chef and Puppet  Soft Skills:  - Reliable and accountable  - Excellent communication skills - Ability to translate technical details into simple terminology - Strong work ethic - Can work independently as well as part of a team - Highly motivated to learn
Cat excels at and enjoys thinking like the attackers to assist organizations in finding creative solutions that  align business development goals with security to truly create a culture of security that aligns with business goals. She has an in-depth background in information security consulting including security department assessments, social-engineering, penetration testing, phishing program management, asset security review, and technically focused on red teaming.  Furthermore, Cat has an extensive background in training and speaking. She is currently undertaking risk management consulting projects and investigative opportunities, security awareness speaking opportunities, and information security writing opportunities and studying for the Certified Information Security Systems Professional (CISSP) exam through (ISC)2.
Year of initiation:  2002  Type of business or sectors:  Security, Educational, Stomatology, Electronic Commerce, Telephony, Facebook applications, and mobile  Occupation or position held:  Security/Network/Desktop/Web application programmer, projects manager, software solutions designer and programmer.  Main activities and responsibilities:  C#, Java, Javascript, Ruby, Python and Php Programmer, Software Engineering, Projects manager.   Countries of costumers:  Canada, Colombia, Cuba, Ecuador, USA  I graduated in computer science in July 2010. With an average to 4,2/5. I worked in different languages (C#, Java, Javascript, Ruby, Python, Php, Perl, etc.). I worked with different CVS (Git, Mercurial, SVN) and DBGS (MSQL, MySQL, PostgresSQL, Apache Derby) and more.  I worked for almost 4 years a Communication Company using Java-like main language. We created Frameworks and many applications, like CRM, Website, mobile application, integration with different providers, etc.  I have an open source project on github about #bugbounty and #pentesting  I have knowledge about security and how to do programming safety to mitigate SQli, Xss, Csrf, buffer overflow, null referent, etc. Very useful and important when you are working on web, mobile or desktop applications.
Enjoy problem solving and helping people get through issues even without knowing anything on the subject. Working on tools to help automate the mundane things to free up time so we can explore our creativity.  I love mentoring. Hit me up if you're diving into programming, finished a coding bootcamp, or just need help coming up with a project.
Over 19 years of professional experience in IT with 15 years in penetration testing. Former OWASP Houston chapter Leader and currently on the OWASP Trainers Database and has been quoted for expertise in the field, after the Target breach.. Worked as an Enterprise Secure Software Development Team Leader, Enterprise Security Engineer, Team Leader Penetration Testing (Web and Infrastructure), Security Researcher, and Systems Integrator.  Conducted blackbox and whitebox network and web application penetration testing of banking institutions, government sector, SMB companies, law enforcement, and Department of Defense websites.
A Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) capable of analyzing long-term strategies, security models, vulnerabilities, controls, and startup requirements. Able to deal with ambiguous data and interpersonal relationships to lead the team into new security solutions. Demonstrated competence integrating ethical creativity with servant leadership skills sensitive to in stakeholders across departments and functions, as well as external stakeholders comprised of competing interest groups. A multi-certified hands-on security manager with concrete experience in distributed leadership for teams designing, implementing, managing unified voice/data communication networks using a variety of security hardware platforms, operating systems, network components, and infrastructure. Excellent people skills ranging from authentic dialogue to interactive use of the Learning Organization as a means for empowering and supporting collaboration to secure the organization. Expert in project management, security, including evaluating, budgeting, cost-reduction, designing emerging technologies in the data center with security network operation, leading projects in the integration of security with disparate systems, planning large-scale network roll-outs, and managing daily operations. Track record of being able to stay ahead of the change curve. Proven “hands-on” ability to lead, audit, correct seamless implementations, and deliver next-generation security solutions improving revenues, margins, and workplace productivity.  Specialties: Certifications: CISSP, MCSE, Network+,Security+,BSAC, AccessData Certified Examiner (ACE), National Security Agency (NSA) Certifications 4011-4016, CCNA Recertification in progress, Graduate Certificate in Cybersecurity from from University of Dallas, in Dallas, TX which is only one of seven universities in the world designated by the NSA and the DHS to meet all six NSTISSI/ CNSS standards 4011, 4012, 4013, 4014, 4015 and 4016.
Experienced Fixer; with a demonstrated history of working in the security industry as a manager and advisor to the C-Suite with a background in penetration testing, architecture and engineering. Skilled in bridging the gaps between the C-Suite, middle management down to the administrator level. Extensive proficiency in large corporate environments, Data Centers, PCI, OWASP, NIST and SANS standards. Certified CISSP, GPEN, Ethical Hacking and graduated from Navy Electronic Submarine School, Groton, CT., Excelsior College and UC Santa Cruz. Expertise in multiple verticals such as military, DoD/Government contracting, Financial, Pharmaceuticals and Leisure.
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry.  Skilled in Planing Penetration Tests, Finding Infrastructure Vulnerabilities, Risk Assessment, System Hardening Win/Linux/IOS, Multi-Tasking, Remediation Planing, Brute forcing, Exploitation.  There are many things in technology that amaze people, I want to know each and every idea, thought, scenario, test case, variation, function that world have to offer. I can't guarantee to remember all i see, but if i feel it i will never let it out of my thoughts. Interested and Excited about Cloud Security, K8s and IoT.
Steven has over 5 years of experience designing and engineering full-stack platform solutions ranging from high-performance private sector applications serving over 2 million users to precision applications for UAS and Airships systems. He is also familiar with red team environments simulating adversarial attacks against a large number of assets, both as a tool developer and operator. Steven's wide range of experience and deep understanding aids in achieving critical milestones contributing to mission success.
Chris has over 18 years of experience in the information technology industry, with an expertise and focus on offensive security.  Well-equipped to hunt and expose vulnerabilities, Chris effectively wields an arsenal of evolving tactics and techniques.  With this tradecraft, his clients gain valuable insight into real world threats along with actionable advice to strengthen their security posture.  Currently, Chris works at Impact Venture Group, Inc. as a Red Team Operator.  Based in New York and New Zealand, he provides offensive security services (red team | penetration testing) to clients in the northern and southern hemispheres.   Chris also served as Director of Information Technology at a major real estate association where he provided IT strategic planning and leadership for the organization.  He successfully led the transition of the Multiple Listing Service (MLS) database system serving 14 counties to next generation technology which provided service to over 450 offices and 3,000+ real estate professionals. He designed, implemented and managed a complex computing environment that required effective security controls to protect sensitive information while providing 24/7 access for the staff and members. Chris also was responsible for the development of the region's leading real estate website, HomesteadNet.com, as well as its relationship with Realtor.com which was at the forefront of real estate listings on the national stage.         Chris's credentials include Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), eLearnSecutiy Web Application Penetration Tester (eWPT), GIAC Security Essentials Certification (GSEC), Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE), Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA), CompTIA Network+.
Specialties: penetration testing / red teaming, vulnerability research, reverse engineering, and exploit development  Security Focuses: Analyzing technology, assessing the effectiveness of processes, and verifying physical security controls of buildings/places  Current research: offensive tradecraft  I enjoy cognitive challenges, I'm quick to adapt to new environments and technologies, and I understand the power of collaboration.
GWAPT  From very early in life I've known what I was meant to do: help solve challenging problems in order to help move us all forward.  I have always been analytical and calculated, seeking out as much information as I can before taking appropriate action in order to gain the most from every situation. I believe this to be an important trait, since I enjoy taking on the challenges of my employers as my own. When I feel truly connected to my role, the paycheck is only a secondary perk.
Martin Guidry connects people to information.  By building software with tools like SharePoint and SQL Server, he transforms overwhelming data into usable information. Martin has over 3500 hours of classroom teaching experience, and as a subject matter expert, he is recognized as an authority on topics like C# and ASP.NET. He has passed 49 Microsoft certification exams, prompting Microsoft to hire him to write questions for future exams. A native of Carencro, Louisiana, Martin earned a bachelor’s degree from University of Louisiana and continued there for graduate work in Computer Science. Martin has done freelance consulting since 1997, mostly in software development and database design.  Specialties: C#; VB.NET; T-SQL; JavaScript; SQL Server; SharePoint; Training; Consulting; ASP.NET; SQL; XML; MCT; MCITP; MCTS
Passionate about all things IT.  Punctual, driven, and always learning with the continuous advancement of technology.
Over 20 years In depth cybersecurity experience ranging from technical level application code vulnerability analysis to the development of high-level National Cyber Security Policy.  Extensive experience in Penetration Testing, Risk Assessment, Intrusion Detection, Vulnerability Scanning, Remediation Testing, Development of Security Plans & Policy, Disaster Recovery Plans, Plan of Action & Milestones.  Experienced in Cloud Application Security and numerous Defense Dept and Civil cyber security standards and Certification & Accreditation methodologies , including OWASP, FedRamp, NIST 800-53, DIACAP, DITSCAP, HIPAA, PCI and the NIST Risk Management Framework Skilled in a wide range of security testing tools  (e.g. Zaproxy, Webinspect, Nessus, Retina, Golismero, Metasploit, DotDotPwn, Maltego, SqlMap, Sqlninja, Aircrack, Burpsuite, Nikto, DirBuster, Armitage, Wireshark, Cisco-Auditing-Tool, John the Ripper).
Established information security professional with well-rounded IT experience in information security, secure software development, and network engineering. Reputable and well respected for technical proficiency in security, strong communication skills, and the ability to think outside the box. Passionate about information security and actively involved in the security community.   Achievements include:  • Saved the Cabinet for Health and Family Services (CHFS) close to $5 million through the exposure of critical vulnerabilities in third party software and contract reversals • Produced public advisories (CVEs) on zero-day vulnerabilities that include CVE-2018-9113, CVE-2018-8974, and CVE-2017-14702 • Presented oral briefings to over 80 software developers on best coding practices as well as continuous training on security awareness
Focus on: Red Team, ethical hacking, penetration testing, cybersecurity speaking & training, team development  Recruitment offers: I appreciate interest from recruiters, but am currently not looking for an employment change, and have difficulty keeping up with messages here. If you do not receive a reply, know that I do thank you for the interest, and will pass on your contact info and offer details to any colleagues of mine looking for your described position.
Cybersecurity, this is the subject I live and breathe each and every day. Cyberthreats continue to mount against organizations small and large! Sophisticated new cyber attacks seem to show up in the news daily. At Appalachia Technologies we understand these threats intimately and make it our priority to stop them. We provide managed cybersecurity services and red team penetration testing exercises to pinpoint weaknesses in your organization before the bad guys do! If you care about your business and worry about the current cyber threats that it faces, reach out to us for a free consultation and see how we can help defend your organization today!  I currently lead the Cyber Security Practice at Appalachia Technologies which includes everything from Penetration Testing services and Red Team exercises to managed Cyber Security.   I hold a Master’s degree in Cyber Security and Information assurance from Western Governor's University and a BS degree from Central Penn College in IT with a concentration in Applications Development. I also hold numerous industry certifications! I am currently going back to Western Governor's University for an MBA in IT Management.  I am active in the Cyber Security community and often volunteer to lead meetup groups and give presentations related to Cyber Security at various related conferences and events such as BSIDES, security summits, and other related events. For a calendar of upcoming events, simply reach out.  I am an avid Python developer working on various Cyber-Security Open Source Projects. I am always open to being a guest speaker on a podcast or virtual event. Please reach out to inquire.
Systems security professional with a background of over eighteen years of extensive IT infrastructure and sixteen years of web application and network security experience.  A proven track record of providing network and web application solutions in diverse environments. Dedication to the protection of information and information systems.
I'm a security engineer.  In past lives I've developed web sites (PHP,SQL). I write music, I play music (keys).  Specialties: CISSP, CEH, InfoSec Piano chops in classical, rock, jazz, and latin salsa.
I am a Cyber Security undergraduate student at City College of San Francisco, planning to transfer to CSUSB for major in Cyber Security. Self-studied in penetration tester and keep training myself in CTF (Hackthebox and Hacker101) with my student life.
Cybersecurity enthusiast offering an extensive technical background and a thorough knowledge of DoD platforms and technologies. Established a performance record supporting a wide variety of government and international activities as a division leader and technical lead on a DoD Red Team. Specializes in full-scope penetration testing and adversarial emulation during developmental and operational testing phases.  ---------------------------------------------------------- OSCP, CISSP, CEH, CHFI, SEC+, LINUX +, LPIC-1, SUSE CLA, MCP ---------------------------------------------------------- DoD 8570 IAT/IAM Level III Compliant
- Please send me a note if you are connecting. - I am currently NOT open to new Employment Opportunities at this time. - I do NOT accept invites from random people who are loosely associated with my field of interest. - I WILL have conversations with *direct company recruiters* whom have targeted their outreach to my specific skills, network, and experience. Not just skim my profile. - I WILL have conversations with *salespeople* if they find a mutual introduction to me. ======================================================================= WhoamI:  I am an information security professional and security researcher specializing in Application Security with 20+ years in the IT Industry. Able to work in Small Business to Enterprise Sized Environments.   Specialties:  Web Application Security / IT Security / Penetration Testing Automation PCI Practices and Standards. Vulnerability Scanning and Management.  VP\Executive Level Support.
As a Sr. Red Team penetration tester and Forensic Examiner specializing in government, military, and commercial systems.  I have helped develop several Forensic labs with multiple governments and Red teams within the DoD.  I also have experience building Cyber Ranges and have released a portable cyber range for use in training Red/Blue/Purple team simulations.  I teach Ethical Hacking/Application Security/Forensics for organizations such as InfoSec Institute, Information Warfare Center, and the US Gov't.  I also sit on the advisory boards for the Business Espionage Controls and Counter Measures organization and NetSecurity.  Current Certifications include the: CISSP-ISSMP/ISSAP NSA-IAM/IEM CEI-CHFI/CEH/CNDA/ECSA/LPT CEPT/CPT/CASS/CDRP/CSSA/CREA CHS-III CIW Professional Network+/A+/Security+/CySA+/Pentest+/Linux+ LPIC-1  Specialties: Ethical hacking, Red Team Penetration Testing, Computer forensics, Cyber Warfare, Reverse Engineering.
I have over 8 years of experience working in Information Technologies.  My previous position was a Senior Security Engineer for nGuard, a Cyber Security consulting firm.    Certifications: OSCE, OSCP, OSWP, Sec+
15+ years of experience in the field of information security with a specialization in application penetration testing. I also specialize in Information Retrieval and Disaster Recovery. As seen on the following media outlets below:
Certified Information Systems Security Professional,  Federal Information Technology Security Professional-A,  Certified Secure Software Lifecycle Professional,  Certified Ethical Hacker & Countermeasures,  EC-Council Certified Security Analyst,  Certified Network Defense Architect,  Licensed Penetration Tester,   Certified Penetration Tester,  Qualified Ethical Hacker,  Certified Xacta IA Manager Administrator.  Specialties: Certified Information Systems Security Professional,  Federal Information Technology Security Professional-A,  Certified Secure Software Lifecycle Professional,  Certified Ethical Hacker & Countermeasures,  EC-Council Certified Security Analyst,  Certified Network Defense Architect,  Licensed Penetration Tester,   Certified Penetration Tester,  Qualified Ethical Hacker,  Certified Xacta IA Manager Administrator.
Interested in Penetration testing and Reverse Engineering.
•	Perform vulnerability assessment of variety of web applications and web services. •	Performed static code analysis by using the automated tool HP Fortify and SSC. •	Worked on the DOM XSS by analyzing the JavaScript. •	Perform active and passive scan using tool Burp Suite and Zap Proxy. •	Perform Manual Dynamic Assessment on an application by intercepting Burp Suite and using Security Testing Methodology such as OWASP Testing Guide and NIST SP 800-115. •	Use Git merge and ALM test cases to identify potential new targets to focus on during manual testing. •	Identified issues on sessions management, Input validations, output encoding, Logging, Exceptions, Cookie attributes, Encryption, Privilege escalations. •	Performed vulnerability assessment as part of the initial authorization assessment for all systems pursuing a Moderate or High FISMA authorization. •	Generated automated report by using HP WebInspect. Perform analysis on report to exploit the potential vulnerabilities. •	Perform analysis on Third-party Libraries like Dependency Check jobs, using AWS Jenkins and Nexus IQ Server. •	Code analysis tool to perform security assessments to discover OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities Such as XSS, CSRF and SQL Injection. •	Developed proof-of-concept exploits that allowed the business to understand the risk, resulting in speedy remediation. •	Perform network scanning using tools NMap and Nessus. •	Involve actively in the release management process to ensure all the changes of the application had undergone security assessment. •	Performed Risk Assessment of the vulnerabilities based on CMS Risk Calculator. •	Ensure the issues identified are reported as per the CMS reporting standards. •	Provide remediation steps to the team and follow up. •	Retest the fixed issues and ensure the closure. •	Used Splunk to test sensitive data leakage such as PII, session ids, and endpoints. •	Hands on experience in planning and migration of Fortify SCA and SSC from DXC Datacenter to AWS.
Living in the Denver area. Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information Security sector, QSTM, GXPN, GREM, OSCE, OSCP and OSWP.
Experienced in managing technological projects, presented at various cybersecurity conferences, currently working on new research in cybersecurity and quantitative finance. A frequent speaker at cybersecurity conferences such as BlackHat, CodeBlue, SEC-T, Confidence, and more.
Comp TIA Security +, Net +, A+, Kali Linux, NirSoft-Sysinternals, Parrot OS, Spiderfoot
CEO and Founder of Computer & Wireless Services in Chicago, and IT Professional & Legal Expert.
I am an Information Security Engineer, Certified Ethical Hacker, Systems Architect, and Software Developer with over 20 years of experience designing, developing, implementing, securing, and managing complex technical projects and teams from initial concept through sunset. I have demonstrated an ability to deliver high quality, secure solutions across a diverse range of industries and technologies. My passion for ensuring secure software development lifecycles and systems provides my clients and employers with a roadmap for success, and confidence in their risk identification and mitigation strategies.
Experienced Founder with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Vulnerability Scanning, Penetration Testing, Documentation, Software Installation, Ethical Hacking, and Customer Service. Strong business development professional with an AS focused in Cyber and Network Security from ECPI University.
Web Application Penetration Tester with a background in  automation testing . In addition to authoring automation and manual test cases for a variety of testing has also been responsible for process improvement . Proficient in handling multiple projects at the same time and has been recognized as a strong performer under pressure. Specialties:  -       WebApp Penetration Testing using OWASP Top 10 , Burp ,Zap , Nmap and other tools -	Thirteen years of hands-on Automation Testing experience. -	Solid understanding of automation framework working on SoapUI , Selenium and Silk Test. -	Leadership experience in working closely with the customer and the user community understanding business requirements and coordinating project activities, preparing software specifications. -	Worked extensively on application development using Java.
Experienced Information Security Advisor with a demonstrated history of working in all consumer goods industies. Skilled in Penetration testing, Red Teaming, Vulnerability Management, Application Security (DAST, SAST, IAST, RASP), Cloud Security and Cloud Compliance. Strong interpersonal skills combined with Information Security and Vulnerability Remediation.
an enthusiastic go-getter that always brings the spice to the cybersecurity party. With over a decade of professional experience in a wide range of IT security roles, he got his start defending and testing networks as a sailor in the US Navy before transitioning to leading the vulnerability management program for the SaaS branch of a Fortune 500 company. Lately he’s been cutting his teeth leading offensive security teams in the trenches, executing penetration tests and red team engagements alongside his teammates for commercial and government clients.  Nolan and his talented team members have been publicly credited for discovering the following security bugs:  -> CVE-2020-8496: Stored XSS in Kronos Web Time and Attendance (webTA) version 4.1.x - 5.0. -> CVE-2020-8495: Remote Privilege Escalation (2) in Kronos Web Time and Attendance (webTA) version 3.8.x - 4.0. -> CVE-2020-8494: Remote Privilege Escalation in Kronos Web Time and Attendance (webTA) version 3.8.x - 4.0. -> CVE-2020-8493: Stored XSS in Kronos Web Time and Attendance (webTA) version 3.8.x - 4.0. -> CVE-2019-19616: IDOR in Xtivia WebTE for Microsoft Dynamics NAV before 2017 -> CVE-2019-10716: Information Disclosure Issue in Verodin Director before version 3.5.4.0 -> CVE-2019-10715: Stored XSS in Verodin Director before version 3.5.3.1 -> CVE-2019-8997: XXE in BlackBerry Athoc 7.6 Management System -> CVE-2019-5398: HPE 3PAR Service Processor prior to 5.0.5.1 is vulnerable to Stored Cross-site Scripting (XSS). -> CVE-2019-5396: HPE 3PAR Service Processor prior to 5.0.5.1 is vulnerable to remote authentication bypass.
Well-regarded Offensive Security Engineer with extensive experience in penetration testing and APT simulation.
Experienced cybersecurity professional with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Research, Python, Social Engineering, and Cybersecurity Education. Strong research professional with a a Master's degree in IT (cybersecurity) and Bachelor of Science from Brigham Young University (BYU).
Cyber Security Researcher | CCNA R&S | Microsoft Technology Associate
CISSP | OSCP | CEHv10 | CCNA | Sec+ | TS/SCI I love diving into deep technical challenges and developing lasting solutions. This passion carried me through a rewarding career in the U.S. Navy, which gave me the opportunity to work with a multitude of talented people and a broad spectrum of cutting-edge Information and Electronic Systems. I currently work as a Penetration Tester, supporting multiple engagements across the Department of Defense.
Mari is the CEO and a founding board member for the Women's Society of Cyberjutsu (WSC), one of the fastest growing 501c3 non-profit cybersecurity communities dedicated to bringing more women and girls to cyber.  WSC provides its members with the resources and support required to enter and advance as a cybersecurity professional. Mari began her cyber career with Accenture where she excelled as a Network Engineer.  Mari is also the inaugural ISC2 Diversity Award winner for 2019. With over 10 years of Information Technology, 8 of which are in cybersecurity, her experience spans network design and security architecture, risk assessments, vulnerability management, incident response and policy development across government and commercial industries. She holds a variety of technical and management certifications (CISSP, GIAC, CCNA, etc) as well as a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Information Systems from Columbus State University and a Master of Science in Information Systems from Strayer University. Mari is currently a resident of Las Vegas working to secure the Gaming industry of the south west as a Sr. Security Architect. She regularly contributes content to security blogs and training companies across the country as well as an Adjunct Professor for UMUC. Outside of being a geek, Mari enjoys arts, puzzles, and legos! @marigalloway mostlymimi.com  CERTIFICATIONS and EDUCATION: MSIS | CISSP | GWAPT | GSEC | GMON | GCIH | GPEN | GCFE | CEH | CySA+ | Pentest+ | IT Project+ | Security+ | CCNA | CCNA Security  CORE COMPETENCIES: Information Systems Project Management and Architecture  Vulnerability Management and Penetration Testing  Cyber Security Operations, Cyber Security Administration, Cyber Security Operations Management, Network design
I am always inclined to further my education and physical physique. As of this year, I qualified for nationals for the Sprint Triathlon. My competitiveness in sports have transpired to my academics and due to this drive, I have placed top 10 in the Fall 2017 Cuny Hackathon for web development.  My passion is Cyber Security and currently  im practicing for the OSCP  Certificates: CEH Proficient in : C++, C, Java Script, HTML, CSS, Python 2 and 3, and PHP.  Tools: Burpsuite, Nmap, Dirbuster, Nikto, nslookup, Dnsrecon, Nessus. etc
Sr. Penetration Tester with 5+ years of professional penetration testing and vulnerability assessment. I have previously worked as a Security Analyst, Penetration Tester, Security Engineer, Co-location Technician, and a Security Researcher.
I have over 20 years of experience in the IT and Cybersecurity fields with a focus on Securing Applications on the web and in the Cloud. I have degrees in computer information Science and Information Assurance/Cyber Seurity and CEH, CompmTIA Security+ and SANs GCED Certifications. I am passionate about the field of cybersecurity and would like to mentor aspiring Cybersecurity professionals. I enjoy learning and am working on additional certifications such as OSCP.
I will go above and beyond your expectations! Under promise and over deliver! Working hard everyday to achieve large goals.  I am working with various teams of individuals on multiple projects.  Have strong experience within the start up space. Have spent a lot of time getting projects off of the ground and into the real world. I invest my time and resources on which endeavor I find has the most potential for return and growth. Open to any type of venture. With ability to provide capital and resources. Let me hear your ideas to see if they're something worth taking to the next level.   Message on LinkedIn for inquiry's
I have 23+ years of experience in IT in small, medium, and enterprise organizations.  I am passionate about IT Security, and enjoy securing the internal and external infrastructure of organizations.  I have led several successful penetration testing engagements for clients in government, utilities, health care, and manufacturing industries, among others.  I hold or have held the following certifications:  CISSP, MCSE+I, MCSE, MCSE: Security, MCDBA, CCNA, CySA+, Security+  Discoverer: CVE-2008-0662.   Specialties: PCI, Security, Vulnerability Scanning, Penetration Testing, Microsoft, Active Directory, Nessus, Retina, WebInspect, Networking, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, WINS, Exchange, Network Administration
I'm an information security professional that enjoys building and breaking things. I blog about security at  , and write a lot of security tools, a
Author: Cybersecurity for Executives in the Age of Cloud  DM or schedule a call for paid consulting services:  For other requests a private message and I will answer as soon as I can.  Authored and teach a class through 2nd Sight Lab as principal instructor. Formerly taught SANS cloud security class and cloud curriculum advisory board. Original Capital One Cloud team. AWS Hero. GSE, GSEC, GCIH, GCIA, GPEN, GCCC, GREM, GCPN, GXPN. Member of the IANS Faculty. Infragard.  Speak and train internationally at events like RSA, OWASP, AWS re:Invent, re:Inforce, ServerlessDays, BSides, Countermeasure, and IANS Security Forums.  Twitter: @teriradichel Original security content only: @2ndsightlab
Summary: Jesse Kurrus is a cybersecurity expert with a breadth and depth of knowledge, professional experience, and top of the line credentials directly related to his field of expertise. Professional strengths include penetration testing, ethical hacking, security analysis, intrusion detection, training, and technical writing. Jesse has a true passion for cybersecurity and information technology, and an insatiable ambition to further his knowledge and professional skill set.  Specialties: Penetration Testing (Kali Linux, BurpSuite, Nmap, Metasploit, etc); Vulnerability Scanning (Nessus, Acunetix, Nikto, etc); Scripting (Python, Perl, Bash); Intrusion Detection / Network Security Monitoring (Security Onion, Snort, Bro, and Suricata); SIEM Technology (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana (ELK), ArcSight, and Splunk); PCAP analysis (Tcpdump, Wireshark, NetworkMiner, NetWitness/Security Analytics).  Current Degrees/Certifications:  M.S. in Information Technology with Information Assurance Specialization / B.S. in Computer Networks and Security / Network+, A+, Security+, Linux+, Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), eLearnsecurity Web application Penetration Tester (eWPT)  Security Clearance: Active TS SCI  Future Goals: OSCE, OSWE, PhD  E-mail for business inquiries: kurruscyberlabs@gmail.com
Cybersecurity  | Web Application | Bug Bounty Hunter | Hackerone | OSINT  | Google Hacking  | Risk Assessments | NIST | Consulting | Security Awareness | Training | Project Management | Leadership  OPERATING SYSTEMS | LANGUAGES | TECHNOLOGIES | SECURITY & COMPLIANCE •	Operating Systems: Windows, MacOS, Linux •	Technologies: Burp, DNSrecon, theHarvester and other open source tools •	Computer Languages: SQL, Javascript, Python •	Security & Compliance: Knowledge of OWASP Top 10, NIST 800-53, NIST 800-171, Section 508 Compliance  ACCOMPLISHMENTS •	Performed penetration testing techniques through bug bounty programs such as Hackerone •	Created 20+ recommendations for 10+ applications using OWASP such as HTML encoding and input validation •	Provided metrics on applications on-boarded through the CI/CD process •	Performed OSINT research while using various open source tools to discover detailed information about the target •	Effectively used NIST 800-53 to recommend policies and procedures in the workplace  •	Created a port scanner using Python code to scan multiple TCP/IP ports •	Created data visualizations using Splunk data •	Understanding in threat intelligence tools using Snort •       Effectively analyzed PCAP files for consistent patterns and in-depth analysis for any suspicious activity using Wireshark and Security Onion •	Organized and lead weekly CompTIA Security+ review course •	Created user awareness training on topics such as social engineering techniques & best practices  •	Recognized by supervisors as diligent and creative with exceptional leadership skills •      Researched on energy infrastructure and energy data from various sources such as U.S. DOE •      Recognized by supervisors as diligent and creative with exceptional leadership skills •      President of Student Association with established team and relationship building skills   KEY SKILLS • Exploit and recommend against identified vulnerabilities • Risk assessments to ensure security standards are met • Object Oriented Programming • Open Source Intelligence • Knowledge of NIST 800-53 and 171  CERTIFICATIONS • CompTIA Security +								 • Splunk Core Certified User								 • Application Security Technical Certification						 • Practical Ethical Hacking – The Complete Course
Highly motivated individual with a passion for InfoSec. Qualifications include a Bachelor's degree in Information Assurance, completion of the OSCP certification, and experience leading penetration test engagements for clients across many industries. Has excellent communication skills and is able to translate highly technical information to other audiences.
Security engineer and educator who has been working in engineering, security, and information technology for 10 years. Specializations in Penetration Testing, Threat and Adversarial Assessments, Vulnerability Management, Cloud Technology (AWS), and experience as a Technical Educator and University Level Professor.  Certifications include: Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP)  Security + ce  Pentest + ce  CVNP  Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Certified Ethical Hacker (Practical) Certified Ethical Hacker (Master)  Junior Penetration Tester (eJPT)  
Cyber Threat Intelligence Analyst specializing in Intrusion Detection/Cyber Threat Hunting, Penetration Testing and CTF enthusiast with Security Operation Center experience. Currently possess a Top Security Clearance and DoD 8570 IAT Level III certified.
Reginald is an information security professional with a mixture of experience in the public and private sectors, including several Fortune 100 companies. He has earned multiple practical-based Offensive Security certifications and a Master’s degree in Information Security and Assurance. He is a member of the GIAC Advisory Board, OWASP Foundation, and Infragard.  He has given back to the information security community by personally discovering unknown vulnerabilities in numerous products, and he has assisted organizations with vulnerability remediation. He maintains a personal blog at DoddSecurity.com  Reginald leads or participates in most offensive security related activities such as:  •	Penetration Testing  •	Red Teaming  •	Application Security  •	Purple Teaming •	Vulnerability Research
My goal is to use my skills and knowledge to bring value to the workplace, striving to better myself and learn more from those around me.  I have an extraverted personality with Myers & Briggs classification as an ESTJ/ENTJ. As an Eagle Scout, I lead by example, pursuing goals by working with others.  Current Concentrations:  Vehicle Security -     + Head Unit Attacks     + Unified Diagnostic Services testing (UDS) over CANBUS     + Tunneling TCP over CANBUS     + Remote attack vectors (e.g. Wi-Fi, LTE, Bluetooth, GPS, RF/Keyfob, etc.)     + Physical Attack Vectors (e.g. OBD-II, Head Unit Access, etc.)  Programming and Scripting Experience -  Python, C++, Bash, HTML, JavaScript, and CSS  Penetration Testing -     + Network based penetration testing attacks     + VLAN Hopping     + Man-in-the-middle attacks     + Crypto attacks  Web Application Penetration Testing -     + Participating in public bug bounty programs hosted on HackerOne and BugCrowd     + Participating in private bug bounty programs (Hack The Pentagon, Hack The Airforce, Synack, etc.)     + Responsible disclosure for vulnerabilities found     + Concentrating on out of band data exfiltration methods such as DNS Exfiltration     + Coauthor of the  Collabfiltrator  Burp Suite Plugin for DNS Exfiltration    Debugging/Exploit Development -     + Working with IDA Pro, WinDbg, Immunity Debugger, GDB, Mona.py, pattern_create/pattern_offset     + Building ROP chains/repairing ROP gadgets, bypassing ASLR, DEP, and Stack Canaries     + Fuzzing applications with AFL and other fuzzing frameworks     + Stack based buffer overflows     + Heap based buffer overflows with concentration on Use-After-Free bugs
Penetration tester with over 22 years of information technology and information security experience. Specialities include application security, penetration testing, ethical hacking, security vulnerability assessments, threat and vulnerability management.   Experience performing the following types of penetration tests: • Application penetration tests including web, mobile and thick client • Network penetration tests including external, internal and wireless • Social engineering assessments including pretext calling and spear phishing
Daniel has two years of combined experience in information technology systems for a government entity and private industry. His special expertise is the areas of cybersecurity assessment mainly focusing on penetration testing. His experience includes conducting various type of external and internal vulnerability assessment, external and internal network penetration testing, web application testing, social engineering, and network device configuration reviews.
Experienced Information Technology Support Specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and Information Security industry. Skilled in Network security, Penetration testing and vulnerability assessments, Computer Repair, Technical Support, Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Operational Planning, and enterprise level IT Infrastructure. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's Degree in Network Security and Administration. Currently focusing on the Infosec/Cyber Security area of IT. OSCP Certified, OSWP Certified, CSIS Certified, ElearnSecurity Web Application Penetration Tester Certified (eWPT) and a former U.S. Army Infantryman.
Red Hat Linux 5,6,7,8 Oracle Linux 6 VMware vSphere: Install, Configure, Manage Kali Linux finding approved Bug Bounties  Specialties: Red Hat, Oracle Linux, VMWARE, Splunk and Ansible Building Linux servers using Chef build script. Working with vendors in finding high and low impacting vulnerabilities. Kali Linux tools such as sqlmap, vega, w3af, ZAP, droopescan and other tools in finding vulnerable bugs.
Information Security enthusiast employed as a Penetration Tester & Security Consultant. Founder / Organizer of a once-a-month meetup in Charlotte, NC to teach and learn Offensive Security skills, as well as emphasize on maintaining an ethical stance in the field. OSCP, eWPT, eJPT, and Security+ certified, as well as currently holding a Secret Clearance. Graduated with B.S. Information Technology from Towson University. Former Infantry Marine, honorably discharged after 4 years, ultimately with the rank as Sergeant.
Remote Work (< 5% travel), Virtual Office, independent consulting/project-based: penetration testing, security assessment, web apps, ethical hacking, etc.  Example Disclosures: ★ Google  GF  exploits; 2018 ★ ~10,000 International Banks Vulnerable (FiServ, et al.); 2017 ★ FireEye 0days; 2015 ★ Apple Security Hall of Fame; 2015 ★ US Congressional testimony on ObamaCare IT Security (CoveredCA); 2014 ★ Consultant for TV with semi-realistic hacker sequences; Hollywood, CA; 2014 ★ Guest Speaker: France; 2013 ★ Google Security Hall of Fame; 2012 ★ Guest Speaker in Asian universities: NCTU, NTU, and NCHC; Taiwan; 2010 ★ Microsoft SSL VPN (UAG) 0day; 2009 ★ SCALE 7x Speaker; Los Angeles, CA; 2009 ★ Linux Journal Magazine Advisory Panel (pg. 6 in any 2008/9 issue) ★ Ubuntu Conference Speaker; Portland, OR; 2007 ★ BugWhack Hacking Competition, Poly.edu; Brooklyn, NY; 2006 (top prize)  Specialties: Information Security, Vulnerability Assessment, Penetration Testing, Reverse Engineering, Exploit Development, Protocol Analysis, Intellectual Property Identification (source/binary), Virtualization Technologies, Linux and Open Source Technologies, Technical Writing...
Penetration Tester, Malware Analyst, Vulnerability Analyst, Linux System Admin, Network Security, Incident Responder, Digital Forensic. Favorite languages are: Python, Bash, C++, SQL. KVM + QEMU enthusiast. Ex sponsored bmx rider.
I am a Senior member of the Microsoft Corporate Red Team and the author of the book  Pentesting Azure Applications  from No Starch Press.   Specialties: InfoSec, penetration testing, red teaming, Windows client and server, Azure, cloud computing, cloud security, lock picking, physical security, badge access control systems, reverse engineering, code reviews, SQL, C#, threat modeling, user- and kernel-mode development and debugging.   Key Certifications: GPEN, GWAPT, MCSE, MCITP
Learning and Teaching Cybersecurity one step at a time. Areas of Interest: Penetration Testing, Industrial Control Systems, Application Security, Digital Forensics, and Threat Intelligence.  Disclaimer: Opinions I have on this app/website are my own.
Experienced Senior Security Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer security industry. Skilled in Information Security, Penetration Testing, Linux, and AWS cloud. Strong information technology professional with a passion to help companies be secure.
***
If you don't know us already..... Then you probably should attend a security conference!   At PeopleSec, it is our mission to make significant & meaningful improvements in cybersecurity.  The Founders' roots are in both Red Teaming & in Higher education. Over the years they realized that in order to make a real difference, the main vulnerability(employees) must be addressed.  And so our renowned Offensive Security and educational professionals developed PeopleSec's revolutionary training program.         PeopleSec's elite group of motivated, and able subject matter experts are based in the United States & Canada. Within our group, we have 41 years of experience in offensive and defensive cyber security. We are identifying “best of breed” benchmark services in other industries and applying them to cyber security. We hold certifications and designations in OSCE, OSCP, OSWP, MCSE, M.S. Information Assurance, CCNP, CCDP, CCSP, A+, Network+, CEH, Linux +, CNAP, cPanel L2, MBA Strategy, and PMP, all of which are fancy acronyms for “we know what we are doing”. 
I am a InfoSec professional with 9+ years of work experience and Master’s degree in Information Assurance. Strong work experience of Web-application Security - web application vulnerability assessments, network security, and penetration testing. Ability to conduct penetration testing for well-known technologies and known security flaw concepts. Good knowledge on SIEM & data analytics driven security tools like Splunk ES. Hands on experience in offensive and defensive part of IS Team. Strong at Managing clients requests, and helping them with establishing Security Governance, in adherence with Business Governance.
As a passionate technology and security professional, I found myself tackling problems of all scale form the SMB market/POS systems to the Department of Defense and the worlds largest Medial software solution. I take pride in the fact that no matter what business objective/issue I been tasked to resolve; I have always been able to provide the leadership needed to not only be successful but strike a balance between security/best practices and the objectives of the business.
Phillip Bosco has been working in the information security industry for over a decade through his service as a Cyber Marine in the United States Marine Corps, his work for various three-letter government agencies, and his time working alongside some of the top cyber security consulting companies in the world.   With this experience, Phillip has conducted 1,000s of penetration tests across government and Fortune 500/100/50 clients, resulting in real-world & practical experience seldom found elsewhere.  After working in Cyber Security for well over a decade, the founder and lead tester at Security Illusion (Phillip Bosco), wanted to approach cyber security differently. Through highly-customizable & personalized assessments, Security Illusion stands out from the rest by focusing heavily on the quality of our assessments and relationships over sheer quantity.  Security Illusion firmly believes in cultivating an environment where knowledge and education thrive in order to better empower and equip our clients in tackling future threats more effectively on their own. We provide our clients with specialized report deliverables, follow-ups, and validation testing to ensure that any security issues found can be quickly and intelligently remediated.  When you become a client with Security Illusion, you aren't just our client for the duration of the assessment -- we have your back and will support you through all of your remediation efforts and challenges you might face along the way.
More than 20 years of proven track record in the IT security.  Hugo Vázquez Caramés is the author of  Check Point Secure Platform Hack  a security research in 2007 that can be considered the prelude of  Return-oriented programming , a technique that has become nowadays the base of all modern exploits. Vázquez has a long track in breaking and designing rock solid secure software architectures and protections for the most critical industries in challenging environments.  Vázquez's numbers: 5 individual patents, 23 years experience in IT vulnerability research and secure systems design, 26 total years in the engineering scene. He is also the founder and current owner of Pentest  one of the very first niche penetration testing companies in Europe and the owner of the global services company www.pentest.org and the registered trademark (Pentest®) in Spain.  Vázquez has reported vulnerabilities to major software vendors of the IT industry that had been in the IT news headlines many times over the last two decades.   As well reputed international expert, Vázquez's services had been required by the finance, telcos, insurance, government, intelligence, aerospace and military industries across all the Globe, specifically in Europe and USA.
Live and breathe hacking in all it's forms.  I'm currently a Red Team Engineer at BetterHelp.  I'm also a bug bounty hunter with 100+ vulnerabilities reported to companies such as Netflix, Atlassian, and Alibaba.
To obtain an association with a solid growing company where I can contribute my technical, and management skills, develop new skills, and contribute as a valuable asset to the company and society.
Application and network penetration testing. Web application developer. Team player.
Cybersecurity Professional who provides Web Application Security and Penetration Testing services.   Previously has experience working in an IT Service Desk & as a Front-End Business Systems Analyst for an International Conglomerate in the Manufacturing Industry.
Cyber Security Consultant with a focus in penetration testing. GXPN, GPEN, GWAPT, GCIA, GCIH, GSEC, OSCE, OSCP, CEH, C)PTC
I’m an Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) and software developer experienced in application programming, penetration testing, and project management.
I have been a leader of 20+ years in digital business transformation, IT, app development, enterprise web, and 'phygital' technology platforms (hardware += software); a full-stack technologist, ethical hacker, creative problem solver, and life long student. I love to inspire and engage near impossible challenges, having had rare opportunities to lead and learn from highly talented misfits, nerds, hackers, crackers, and programmers from various walks of life.   My career in technology has included architecting innovation strategies and standardizing modern engineering workflows and frameworks for global advertising agencies to create cutting-edge technology products. Living and breathing R&D and innovation to bring new ideas to life is in my blood, while the cyber landscape is part of my genetics. I can't see anything getting done without collaboration, removing team obstacles, monitoring and controlling time and cost, and immediate communication to enable critical decision making while never hesitating to challenge the status quo for the greater good.   I have been responsible for high-value digital portfolios both in the US and abroad. I currently contract as an ethical hacker, penetration tester, and technology consultant.    ▫ Vulnerability Assessment ▫ Penetration Testing ▫ Runtime Testing ▫ Code Review ▫ R&D Prototyping ▫ DevSecOps ▫ Technical Program Management ▫ Threat Assessment ▫ Risk Mitigation
I have been working in IT Security for 6 years mostly with DoD. I have a stronger focus on network security and a cyber security BS degree. My long term goal is to become a senior penetration tester. My next goal is to obtain the OSWE certification from offensive security which covers advanced web application attacks.
Microsoft Certified Master (MCM): Directory Services (Active Directory)  Offensive Security: OSCE, OSCP & OSWP  GIAC: Exploit Researcher and Advanced Penetration Tester  Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC) Advisory Board member.    Currently working on:  Infrastructure Security, Active Directory including Tiered Administrative Isolation, Privileged Administrative Workstations (PAW), Infrastructure Service Hardening for AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), Network Security Assessment & Testing (Offensive Security), Fuzzing and Exploit Development, Hypervisor based exploit prevention for Endpoints, Solution development with Python and PowerShell (+ a small amount of C#).   Slowly working through a MBA.
Over 18 years of military experience with matured skills in leadership as well as technical expertise within the cyber domain; motivated to accomplish the mission; and, dedicated to lifelong learning.  Diplomas: Master of Science in Cybersecurity, Bachelor of Science in Computer Science.  Certifications:  (ISC)2 Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Offensive Security Certified Expert (OSCE) Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) GIAC Exploit Researcher and Advanced Penetration Tester (GXPN) GIAC Penetration Tester (GPEN) EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (C|EH) EC-Council Computer Hacking Forensic Investigator (C|HFI) Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA Routing & Switching, Security, Wireless) CompTIA Pentest+ CompTIA Security+ (2012-2015)  Believes in living life guided by the reality that Jesus is God.
Systems Administrator turned Penetration Tester. I enjoy offensive security, Linux, and things that make me say  huh.. That's interesting...   You can find me on Twitter @_th3y, doing HackTheBox @th3y, or riding BMX.
Graduate from the American Business School of Paris with an American and French degree in International Marketing and Business Administration and a Masters in International Management.   Accomplished, results-oriented marketing professional with expertise in enterprise sales and all areas of marketing including digital and integrated marketing. Able to create best practices from the ground up and align business objectives and strategies into impactful marketing campaigns and sales programs. History of positively impacting marketing and sales results by leading projects across diverse teams and delivering to clients globally. Highly effective communicator and team leader with public speaking and cold-calling experience.
Certified GIAC - GWAPT Penetration Tester. Enterprise Cyber Security Consultant. Owner of STEAD.  I have 20 years of experience working in the IT industry. All of this experience has been in System Admin, Network Management, Infosec, Data Center Architecture and Operations. This very in depth background has helped me build a solid foundation in the Cyber Security Industry.  I have been penetration testing since the mid 1990's. I developed and wrote a custom logging solution long before SIEM's. I've QA'd and designed control systems. I've managed thousands of servers of every flavor across hundreds of data centers. I've designed systems for businesses across the globe.  Here at STEAD, my job is to make sure we do things right. I started this company so that we could help companies on a more personal level. Our mission is to become part of your team, fix your issues today and help you plan for the future. We have a face. We want to help you.
• OSCP- offensive Security Online  PWB  Training which is hands on training over Backtrack™ Linux distribution for pentesting . • Handle all aspects of WEP / WPA Protected networks using aircrack-ng suit. • Able to create a fake/ rouge access point using airbase-ng suit. • Extensively worked on wireless network based Man In The Middle (MITM) Attacks using pc and mobile devices.  • DNS Spoofing. • ARP Poisoning • Capable of bypasing windows Login of windows xp , windows vista and windows 7 • Computer Information Security Testing [Desktops/Servers] • Web Application Penetration testing • IP/email tracing • Social Engineering Attacks • SQL Injections • XSS (Cross Site Scripting) • Wireshark based network traffic analysis. • Website Defacement Attacks and Countermesures • Has worked on “Armitage” a penetration testing application based on metasploit over windows and linux exploits.   • Worked on Google™ Code lab “Gruyere” to perform Web Application Exploits and Defenses. • Security Testing & Vulnerability Assessment: Worked on “Nessus” & “Nexpose” which are two different world famous best system & network vulnerability assessment Applications. •Able to perform malware analysis using assembly language debuggers like , “Winasm” & “Ollydbg”.
I work for CMU SEI as a Cyber Security Engineer and Penetration Tester. I am a problem solver, a leader, and a technical thinker. I am currently working towards obtaining my OSCP.
Astute and accomplished information security professional with 14+ solid-years of experience equipped with a demonstrated background in different domains of complex information and cyber security.  To provide expert advice and security best practices through hands-on penetration testing, security operations center solutions (SOC), governance, risk and compliance (GRC), digital forensics and incident response (DFIR), malware analysis, exploit development, fraud risk assessment and security architecture redesign in order to reduce the risk of threats to your organization that are cost-effective, efficient and with high-quality.
Inquisitive and self-sufficient technician with experience expanding hundreds of client networks in the healthcare, financial, industrial, and retail industries. Over a decade of providing superior customer service . Technical writing proficiency and the ability to translate technical challenges to non-technical parties. Consistent professional initiative, including developing and implementing a drone delivery wireless penetration testing platform. Efficiently developed a business continuity plan, disaster recovery plan, and policy & procedures for a corporate merger that created Onepath. Expanded upon and improved TeamHealth’s Information Security Policy & Procedure and assisted with implementation through the creation of a regular patching cycles for all information technology. Strong willingness to learn new skills, and a calm, consistent, professional demeanor.
Results-driven, analytical, and thorough security professional. Experiences include a wide range of information security work at the largest private non-profit cancer center in the world, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, as well as many enterprise corporations, such as a major independent investment bank. Expertise includes qualitative and quantitative risk assessment, penetration testing, threat intelligence, and security consulting. Excels at communicating complex information into easily intelligible concepts for executive and nontechnical stakeholders. Champions stakeholder engagement in the security process. Adept at automating and optimizing information security initiatives. Self-starter with leadership qualities who thrives in fast-paced environments.
Over ten years of professional experience in penetration testing, information security, and technology. He began as a child hacker; dissembling his first electric toy cars, then moving on to build desktops out of spare parts as a young teen. As an educator and mentor, Mr. Stashis works with students across the globe in Cyber Security and maintains a leadership standing within the local Atlanta Security community. He enjoys working as a fulltime Penetration Tester and is passionate about educating Pen Testing to individuals willing to learn.   Certified in GXPN, OSCP, GPEN, GWAPT, GCIH, and GSLC.
Experienced Application Security Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing industry. Skilled in Web Application Security Assessment, Database Security, Think/Thick client software and Microsoft Access Database Testing.
I executed my 1sy Java program when I was 9 years old. From then onwards I started loving computers.   The projects I have done till now are  * Implementing Dynamic Routing for small, Medium and Large scale companies using RIP, EIGRP, OSPF.  * Worked on ASP. NET MVC 5, M. S. Access and Microsoft Visual Studio in developing a system application as a third-party developer for a client working in top MNC.    * Worked on Android Studio for two projects.   * Worked with Java, XML, MySQL for developing a Messenger application.  * Worked with Google Cloud Messenger (GCM), Google Analytics, Firebase Technology for developing another messenger application.  * Contributed to the Firebase Community by publishing a report paper on explaining the functionality of Firebase.  * Worked with Hyperledger while understanding about Blockchain Technology.   * Worked as an assistant to a research scholar in writing a report on different tools used in Big Data.  * Provided Web Application Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing, Android Penetration Testing services to several startups using many security tools like Nmap, Burp suite, Acentuix, Metasploit, Wireshark, Nessus, etc.  * Published a research paper on hunting few of the basic common Web Application vulnerabilities in a website for the beginners.  * Active Bug Bounty Hunter. Found Loopholes in LinkedIn, Asana, etc.  * Did several projects on Amazon Web Services while learning about the technology provided by AWS platform.  *Worked as a Campus ambassador and contributed in application development at Rooter.  * Hosted Workshops and Speaker.   * Founder and CEO of RaRz Cybersecurity Researchers. Trained more than 40 students in Security and Programming.  * Awardee of Google India Challenge Scholarship in Web Development.
With 15 years of information technology experience, I have developed great interest in information security. I have enhanced my knowledge by attaining the GSEC and attending DefCon. My focus has been on web and application security and educating developers on how to write secure code. As a programmer, I had the opportunity to work with technologies spanning from mainframe to C# and web applications. I have taken several programs and projects through the full development lifecycle.
Currently exploring Digital Marketing and Cybersecurity opportunities.  “Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.”  Specialties include: HubSpot, Oracle Bronto, WordPress, SEO, Email Marketing, Shopify, Magento, eCommerce Development, Retargeting, Behavioral Retargeting, Contextual Advertising, Affiliate Marketing, Content Marketing, eCommerce Marketing, Link Building, Landing Pages, Google Analytics, PPC, Outbound Marketing, Niche Marketing, SEO Moz, Bigcommerce, Inbound Marketing, Facebook Ads, SEM, YouTube, Instagram, Ahrefs, CRO, Twitter, Local SEO, WooCommerce, Paid Search, DNS, Linux, Windows, Mac OS, BING, Adobe Photoshop, BrightEdge, Creative Cloud, Hosting, Web Servers, Amazon, Reputation Management, MySQL, cPanel, OSX, Responsive, Constant Contact, Digital Marketing, Google Ad Network, Page Speed Optimization, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, Bootstrap, HTML5, ROI, Branding, Web Design, Press Release, PR, Social Media Marketing, AdWords, Mobile Apps, KPIs, SEMRush, Marketing Automation, Payment Gateways, Video Marketing, Sales, Business Development, Project Management, Influencer Marketing  Organizations I have worked with include and are not limited to: Bridgewater Bank, Edina Realty, Bovada, General Electric, National Parkinson's Foundation, Federal Premium, Mystic Lake Casino, Calhoun Companies, Glock, Public Affairs Co, Pfizer, Betting Partners, Cisco, 3M, Wells Fargo, Laird Capital, Target, Prime Security Bank, US Navy, Hardware.com
Currently I'm a member of the SERPENT Red Team at Microsoft and previously I was a member of the Red Team at Intuit. My foundation was built on 8+ years of Information Technology experience in my previous role as a Systems Administrator in a wide variety of industries including private military, consulting, education, and food distribution.  I've spent the last 5 years helping large enterprise businesses identify security gaps, find security vulnerabilities, and test the response capabilities of Blue Teams and Incident Responders. This included Adversary Emulation (Red/Purple Teaming), Network Penetration Testing, Web Application Penetration Testing, Code Auditing, and Security Automation (Leading and Developing). Additionally through high quality reporting I'm able to help businesses prioritize and make informed decisions about where to allocate security resources.  Prior to working in security I used a self guided study method to obtain both knowledge and hands on experience in a wide variety of Offensive Security topics. For more information on current specific technical skills see the Project section under Offensive Security I, II, and III or the Experience section
I am an OSCP and Security+ certified Penetration Tester with years of experience in Web Application, Network, and System security. I currently work full-time as a penetration tester for a reputable company - conducting professional black/gray/white box external and internal web application and network penetration tests across multiple industries.  Feel free to reach out to me by connecting and messaging me! I love meeting new people and forming strategic relationships!
Background  High-energy professional recognized globally as an expert in cyber crime investigation and prevention measures, as well as digital evidence comprehension.  Adept at building innovative enterprise-wide programs and systems that maximize security while respecting privacy.  Recognized by executive leadership, philanthropic organizations, government agencies, and advocacy groups for distinguished service to the law enforcement community.  Innovation & Program Development Highlights  Noted as an innovator with a proven track record of developing inventive solutions to security, prevention, and safety issues. Able to thoroughly research and evaluate needs, select and task resources, develop project plans, and execute against plans. Capable of creating technical solutions and collaborating with nontechnical stakeholders to create supporting policies.  Legal Proceedings & Criminal Prosecution Highlights  Dedicated advocate for justice with a long track record of serving (exclusively) governments and the law enforcement community. Key contributor, often with intensive direct involvement to thousands of criminal procedures that have predominantly resulted in guilty verdicts. In demand as an expert witness for domestic and international proceedings.  Training & Development Highlights  Respected within law enforcement and advocacy groups as a subject matter expert. Serving as an instructor for a number of government and non-government organizations (NGOs). Adept at capacity building within target organizations and able to mentor training participants to subsequently employ best practices in their environments. Capable of communicating complex information to diverse audiences with various technical capabilities.
Dr. Wear is a security architect, developer, penetration tester, author, and teacher.  Sunny's website:   Books:  Burp Suite Cookbook    SCFM: Secure Coding Field Manaual A Programmer's Guide to OWASP Top 10 and CWE/SANS Top 25    All titles above are available on Amazon, iTunes, Barnes and Noble websites.  Specialties: CERTIFICATIONS • Certified Secure Software Lifecycle Professional (CSSLP)  • GIAC Secure Software Programmer in Java (GSSP-JAVA)  • Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)  • Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) • Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC)   • Sun Certified Enterprise Architect (SCEA)  • Sun Certified Developer for Java Web Services (SCDJWS)  • Sun Certified Business Component Developer (SCBCD) • Sun Certified Web Component Developer (SCWCD)  • Sun Certified Java Programmer (SCJP)
IT professional with ability to diagnose and resolve technical problems related to desktop hardware, operating systems, networking and security. Trained and experienced in system analysis, and penetration testing techniques with a keen ability in identifying system vulnerabilities before they are exploited .  Up to date on research, and latest IT Security vulnerability trends. Brilliant verbal, and written communication skills with excellence in developing and nurturing client relationships.
Certified Penetration Testing Engineer, Apple Certified Technical Coordinator, Apple Certified Macintosh Technician, Hurricane Electric IPv6 Certified Sage  During my free time, I enjoy horse back riding, and I am close to being a black belt in Tae Kwon Do. I also read and love to learn new information. Recently, I achieved a General Class Amatuer License from the FCC.
Luis’s professional security career began in defense working as a Network Security Engineer for a major, cloud based, security monitoring provider before switching to offense as a full time penetration tester at Illumant. Luis’s security experience took shape well before his career. When he was obtaining a B.S. in Computer Science from Sam Houston University, he founded HASH (Hacking at Sam Houston). Through HASH Luis provided hands on hacking training and taught other students how to develop security experience on their own as well.  Many of these students are also as security professionals today. On a day-to-day basis he leverages advanced vulnerability identification and exploitation techniques to help demonstrate risk to clients. As well, he is constantly working to improve processes and efficiencies through software development and automation. His main interest in security is hacking web based products.  Even in his free time he is constantly sharpening his skills and staying engaged with the latest happenings in information security. He has placed in the top 10 at hacking challenges such as Collegiate Cyber Defense Club (CCDC), online Capture the Flag (CTF) competitions, as well as CTFs from well-known security conferences such as DerbyCon. He is also dedicated to helping other people, and is an organizer of multiple IT security meetings, The Dark Corner, being the latest one which has a few hundred members.  Luis currently holds the Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) certification.
Offensive Cyber Security • OPFOR • Penetration Testing • Information Assurance • Implementation of New Technologies • Team-Building • Strategic Vision • Technical Solutions • Complex Concept Simplification • Cross-Functional Communication • Process Development & Management  **Active TS/SCI clearance with CI Polygraph**  • CEH, CASP, CNDA, Security+ CE, Net+ CE, IAT3, IAM2, CND
Certified technical trainer (CTT+), Incident responder and computer forensic specialist looking for challenges involving incident response and network intrusion defense.
Efficient, goal-driven and strategic leader with 14 years of experience in a wide range of IT  disciplines, including but not limited to automation & cost reduction, penetration testing, secure software development, big data infrastructures, advanced troubleshooting, and building large scale, highly critical and multi-tenant platforms  CISSP Certified GIAC/GPEN Certified Penetration Tester GIAC/GMOB Certified Mobile Security Analyst GIAC/GXPN Certified Exploit Researcher and Advanced Penetration Tester  Enterprise products: Hadoop, Spark, Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, SIEM, Nagios and knowledge of many Cyber Security Analytics products Management: Experienced technical lead, budget planning, vendor management, software sourcing, team building Security:  Intrusion techniques, security audits, development of security tools, architecture, analytics Languages/interfaces: C/C++, PERL, SHELL, XML/REST/SOAP, and knowledge of many others Networking: TCP/IP, HTTP/FTP/DNS/SMTP/etc., advanced interception, capture and analysis of network traffic Operating systems: Linux (all flavors), BSD (all flavors), Solaris/SunOS, Windows
Addicted to hax.  Winner ICS Pwn2Own 2020 -- 
COO Hexcapes LLC.   Cyber Security Consultant Penetration Testing - Digital Forensics Vulnerability Assessment Sensitive Site Exploitation Cyber and Network Security
Jason Goss is a Red Team operator that performs continuous assessments of client networks utilizing Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs) that emulate real world adversaries to help mature the security posture of client networks and enhance their operational readiness.  For the last 6 years Jason has been performing red teaming, penetration testing, and software security assessments at NIWC Atlantic.  Jason has 14 years of experience in the cybersecurity industry where he has followed his passions and interests throughout his career.  Jason has performed and led endeavors in programming, systems administration, penetration testing, software security, auditing, and even the less sexy cybersecurity management and policy development. He has a M.S. and B.S. in computer science along with a variety of certifications including OSCP, GXPN, GPEN, GWAPT, GWEB, GSSP .net, GCIH, CEH, and CISSP.  The only thing that comes close to rivaling Jason’s addiction to mentoring, learning, and hacking is his obsession with all thing’s coffee including grinding, pressing, and cold brewing beans from various corners of the world.   Lastly, and most importantly, this is all made possible by the love, support, and everlasting patience of his wife and two kids.
Experienced Network Operations with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Intelligence Analysis, Intelligence, Documentation, Windows Server, and Management. Strong information technology professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Cybersecurity from Saint Leo University.
Strong background in information technology with 11+ years of software testing experience. Testing experience includes Manual, Automated, Boundary, End to End, Unit, Smoke, Regression, Hardening, and Integration Testing. SDLC used includes Waterfall and Agile. Technologies used are Microsoft Test Manager, MySQL, REST Services, Filezilla, SoapUI, XML, HTML, Octopus Deploy, IIS, Powershell. Exposure has been given to Python, Java and C#. Experience using the following technology in Infosec include: Solarwinds LEM, Checkpoint Firewall, FortiMail, Burp Suite Pro, ZAP, Kali Linux, John The Ripper and Meterpreter.
I am a Web Application Security consultant with over four years of experience working with companies from Startup phase all the way to multi-national enterprise conglomerates. I have presented at over a dozen conferences, including Sector, Derbycon, Summercon and many others. I have been awarded half a dozen bounties from Facebook, as Web Application is my hobby, as well as my profession. I am currently seeking an opportunity to work with a company to improve the security posture of the application from the inside out.
I am a hacker, ethical in nature and in practice with a curious drive to understand how things work. I enjoy challenging myself with projects I have never seen in order to understand how they can be modified and improved. I currently hold the Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) certification. Soon after I plan to complete the Offensive Security Wireless Professional (OSWP) certification course. In my journey into Cyber Security, I faced many obstacles and developed a great number of skills along the way. I have successfully performed Penetration tests against Home/Office Networks using the tools of the trade, such as Burp Suite Pro and Metasploit Framework. I have identified vulnerabilities in client applications/services and reported my discoveries along with proofs of concept and solutions to prevent compromise. As a hacker, I am tasked to find the holes and hiding places before malicious actors do, so our clients can protect themselves.
Hello, I'm am a solutions-oriented IT Security Specialist/Penetration Tester. Intuitive and well-rounded client oriented professional; skilled at relating and connecting with people from all backgrounds and experience. OSCP professional certification. A diligent team player, that is strongly analytical, and a deeply creative/adaptive thinker; with over a decade plus of private experience in IT, Web Development, and Web-Security Freelance Consultation. Proficient with designing, implementing, and troubleshooting network infrastructure, and security. Strengths include leadership, team building, client relationship development, strategic planning, data analysis, vulnerability research, and structuring guidelines, procedures for development of long-term security objectives.
United States Air Force Veteran Highly analytical, solution-oriented and resourceful IT Technician with over 10 years of experience. Great leader, team player and dedicated Self-motivated, organized, quick learner Strong Interpersonal and communication skills  Certifications include: ISC2 Certified Information Systems Security Professional Certified Computer Forensics Examiner Certified Ethical Hacker Certification Certified Penetration Tester Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate  Microsoft Certified IT Professional CompTIA A+, Network+ and Security+ Certified Technician
Experienced Security Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and consulting services industry. Skilled in penetration testing,  and infrastructure design and deployment of, windows/nix systems, and  LAN/WAN.
Accomplished Information Security professional with a strong interest in ethical hacking, penetration testing, and vulnerability analysis. Experienced with 6+ years in Information Security to include areas such as vulnerability management, incident & event handling, risk management, and penetration testing. Eager to contribute in a senior-level IT security role where I can utilize my technical skills and passion for vulnerability management and penetration testing.
●Ability to foster new relationships, ideas/concepts and generate synergy with the team; positive, team and mission-oriented attitude, self-motivated when given strategic goals  ● Strong ability to drive architectural meetings with a broad understanding of the bigger picture and obtain end result goals.  ● Seasoned penetration tester and security engineer providing enterprise level penetration tests and vulnerability assessments as-well-as delivering detailed step-by-step reporting to c-level executives and IT staff.  ● Expert level experience with security tools such as – Nmap, Metasploit, Kali Linux, Burp Suite, etc., as well as other various testing tools with a high focus in manual penetration testing.   ● Expert level knowledge of adversarial activities in cyberspace with an understanding of intrusion set tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP) with the ability to emulate these TTP to assess vulnerability and risk  ● Expert level experience in exploiting major network components and protocols such as DNS, DHCP, SMTP, IIS, HTTP/S, SMB/Samba and Firewall Rules.  ● Expert level experience with secure implementation and operation for penetration testing of Web applications and its various components (Injection, XSS, validation, session mgmt, web services, hosting, web traffic analysis, remote/local file inclusion security misconfigurations.)  ●Expert level experience with service enumeration, reverse shells, customizing shell code,  antivirus-bypass, privilege escalation, pivoting, and spear-phishing,  ● Advanced-Expert level experience in shell scripting (PowerShell, Python, Perl, Ruby, Bash, Grep/Sed/Awk, etc)  ● Advanced level experience with Active Directory, Active Directory Federated Service, SMAL, SSO, Azure AD Connect. Cross premises functionality, multiple domain environments, directory structures, group policies, and user and computer account administration.
I've been in the Information Security Field for a little over 17 years now. My experiences ranging from very large companies to smaller ones has given me a good perspective and allowed me to be successful doing what it is I always intended; running my own business.  It's been a long road and a tough road.  But frankly, I wouldn't change the way it all happened for anything in the world.  Keatron  Specialties: My specialties include training, Snort IDS, Active Directory/Windows Security, Penetration testing and Digital Forensics.
My expertise in leveraging several years of personal research with automated and bespoke tool-based testing; manual hands on testing of web applications and network services where utilizing tools such as empire, veil and meta-framework using reflective dll's, OLE objects and macro's were applied within scenarios where port forwarding, pivoting, and lateral spread were sought..  My tests utilize web and network application guidelines following industry-standard best practices and methodologies like OWASP and PTES.  		      I am currently involved in the local Los Angeles chapter of OWASP, ISSA, Cloud Security Alliance and LEATHAL. I have attended multiple info-sec and volunteer each year at events such as DefCon, BlackHat, AppSec, ISSA.LA, LayerOne, B-Sides L.A and look forward to presenting on security topics in the near future.  I've also accrued 2 years’ worth of classes for Cisco's CCNA, Comp TIA's A +, and Comp TIA's Security + while attending a local college college where I studied the fundamentals. 	           I have a proven track record of delivering and exceeding customer expectations within high value / high pressure occupations from entertainment to consulting with pharmaceutical companies with a track record to prove it.  As a pentester and more importantly a researcher, I look forward to continuing that trend.
Offensively focused security researcher. Practical experience with Penetration Testing, Application Security, Security Research, and Vulnerability Exploit Development.   Areas of interest include:  Web App Penetration Testing, Hardware Hacking, Firmware Analysis, Reverse Engineering, Fuzzing, Vulnerability R&D, Exploit Dev, Implant Dev, Application Security.  Stockpiling an arsenal of capabilities for Red Team Engagements.
Currently doing penetration testing and vulnerability assessment across a broad spectrum of clients and technologies. Being in a position that requires constant research and learning is basically my perfect job.  
I have a passion for Information Security and technology in general, from the bare-metal hardware to the development, configuration, and analysis of it's software. I believe that having a well-rounded, vast pool of experiences and knowledge allows me to see things from a different perspective, and ultimately improve the security posture of the organizations that I work with. Every day in this field is a learning experience that presents the opportunity to evolve intellectually, to solve new puzzles, and to make measurable progress towards a better, more secure future. The future begins with today, so lets get started!  Accomplished Security Professional, Operations Leader and Training Specialist. Highly motivated leader, with extensive experience in a high stress, zero defect environment serving the President of the United States. Global management experience, Physical and Electronic Security Specialist, Security System Manager. Possesses excellent prioritization, organization, and communication skills. Excels at leading multiple teams of varying technical backgrounds in the design, construction, system integration and training in support of various program objectives. Outstanding abilities in leadership, team building, cross-functional personnel management, technical expertise and training development.   Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.  - Albert Einstein
15+ years of expertise in: (1) creating and developing global information security programs; (2) Information Security communication at user, business, and technology levels; (3) strategic IT governance, risk & compliance; (4) advanced technology solutions; and (5) designing robust skills assessment and development programs.
Nick has over 20 years experience in information technology and security. Nick’s skills include large scale security assessments/penetration tests, risk assessments, forensic analysis, physical security assessments, social engineering engagements. In the last few years, Nick has worked at honing his social engineering skills during his penetration testing assessments.  Nick’s passion drove him to become an active member in the Info-sec community.  He has keynoted and spoken at a number of events over the last few years. Nick was interviewed on the Katie Couric Show, as well as being interviewed in numerous other journals on the topic of security. Nick also has donated his time as part of the Social Engineering Village Team at DEF CON and one of the organizers and head of security for DerbyCon for the first five years.
Employed in the Information Security industry with 15 years experience spanning from Healthcare, Finance, Government, Real Estate and Retail, Jacolon has built and overseen information security programs. Some of these programs include security operations centers, application security, incident response, threat intelligence and security engineering teams. With a unique approach at translating technical controls into overall business risk, Jacolon arms business leaders with knowledgeable information so that they can make an informed decision.
Security Consultant and Penetration Tester in Denver
I've been doing Wireless, Mobile, Web Application and Enterprise Network Penetration Testing for years. I currently hold the Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP). My focus is Offensive Security, Pen testing, Ethical Hacking, Red Teaming, etc. I have experience with Physical Penetration, and I'm also a Social Engineering expert. My profile contains a bit more information about a few of the things I've done throughout my career. Cyber Security is my passion.
Michael Cooter is a penetration tester and application security engineer with proven experience in a variety of different industry verticals. His primary areas of focus are web and mobile application security penetration testing.  He has more than 13 years of security experience in a variety of environments including government, education, healthcare, oil and gas, banking, advertising, and manufacturing.
Douglas Stilwell is a member of Citibank's Red Team. He came to information security with a background in systems administration and network engineering. Doug has over 16 years of experience performing security services for organizations in the Healthcare, Financial, and Education industries. He believes information security is a lifestyle. At the age of 9, he started writing programs in BASIC on the VIC-20. Since then, he has had an avid interest in computers and technology. He has spoken on information security at multiple conferences, competes in capture-the-flag (CTF) challenges, and enjoys mentoring information security professionals.  Specializations include but not limited to adversary simulation, penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, incident response, security architecture, and lastly but most importantly...professional report writer.
I am a seasoned tester with 9+ years of team leadership, project management, and operations optimization experience in the financial sector. Recognized for demonstrating a natural aptitude for strategic planning and process improvement, I have a verifiable history of contributing directly to application security, operational efficiency, and employee productivity. Professional focal points include research, network administration, tool development, penetration testing, vulnerability scanning, end-to-end assessments, risk management, technical support, employee development, training, and performance assessment. Delivering superior administration on the latter areas of expertise requires exceptional utilization of effective communication and organization skills. Currently, I am the Sr. Penetration Tester with Bank of America. Under my leadership, I spearhead technical teams in executing the full range of dynamic web/mobile application testing functions for the bank. This includes conducting research and end-to-end assessments, coordinating projects and security events, providing Subject Matter Expertise, tracking new vulnerabilities and techniques, and developing tools. I also ensure optimal performance across the testing team by creating and implementing training programs for new and current team members. As such, I have demonstrated expertise in streamlining facility testing and optimizing assessment capabilities while reducing overall risk. Colleagues describe me as a progressive, driven, down-to-earth, analytical, and managerial expert who can be relied on to deliver significant results on time.
Danny Chrastil's experience within application development and system administration compliment his ability to perform web application assessments, penetration tests, and code reviews. Technical experience includes web application penetration testing, mobile application security, code reviews, system administration of the LAMP stack, and programing in PHP and Ruby on Rails (RoR).
Robert is an experienced Information Security Professional with a passion for data-based decision making, automation, and building teams based on trust and respect. Robert has a track record for effective security programs and architectures designed around a foundation of proactive testing. A valued mentor instilled Robert's strong belief that  It's more fun to be excellent.  and Robert strives to reflect that ideal in teasing out cool bugs, establishing functional and efficient security teams, and tinkering with machine learning and big data sets for operational intelligence. He is passionate about project outcomes and encourages his team members to strive for the same excellence. On the side Robert enjoys being outdoors with his dog and partner, fine scotch, and good books.
Penetration Testing, Web/Mobile/Cloud Security Testing, Application Security, Vulnerability Assessment, DevSecOps
US Navy Veteran Technolust
Techno-functional leader executing cybersecurity initiatives with knowledge of evolving cyber-risk landscape, diminishing vulnerabilities and fortifying security against malicious entities in cyberspace.   Forward-thinking and solutions-focused IT professional presenting advanced knowledge in information systems support, IT security management, and corporate network communication management with an interest in transitioning into a cybersecurity position.  Currently teaching cybersecurity technologies and methodologies to diversified classrooms of SecureSet. Bring competitive edge and up-to-date industry knowledge by currently pursuing a graduate certificate in cybersecurity from Regis University. Accelerate enterprise efficiency, mitigate risks, protect assets, and ensure seamless operations of multimillion-dollar corporations.  Roll out business process re-engineering and change management strategies resulting in streamlined processes and improved IT infrastructure. Deliver business-critical solutions for enterprise-wide systems.
Detail-oriented and passionate red-team operator, with experience working on remote and on-site teams. Familiar with both Windows and Linux environments and have a strong programming background. Participated in multiple red-teams, phishing campaigns and penetration tests and comfortable with the tools and workflows required during an active test.
I'm driven by the unknown and strive to make an impact in security by applying past experiences across multiple industries and roles into current day and future challenges. I enjoy researching security, taking on challenges, and tackling problems nobody has tackled yet!  Specialties include Cloud Security, AWS, Software Security, System Architecture, Threat Modeling, Infrastructure, Red Teaming, Network Security, Application Security.  Community involvement: Security BSides San Francisco CFP Chair and Organizer Security BSides Global Treasurer and Secretary OWASP Bay Area Board Wall of Sheep  Patents: Detecting Credential Compromise in AWS (Patent Pending) A Multilayered Approach to Protecting AWS Credentials (Patent Pending) Advanced Metadata Proxy (Patent Pending) Position Module (Patent Number US8660786B2)  Presentations: BlackHat USA 2018 - Detecting Credential Compromise in AWS QConSF 2018 - Netflix's Layered Approach to Reducing Risk of Credential Compromise DevOpsDays 2018 - Security Through Enablement - Netflix Culture AppSec USA 2018 - So you want to run a secure service on AWS? AppSec California 2018 - So you want to run a secure service on AWS? 2017 Smart Cities Accelerator @ Harvard - Security: A Different Perspective AppSec California 2017 - When Bandit(s) Strike - Defend Your Python Code HashiConf EU 2016 - Securing Ad Hoc Immutable Infrastructure RSA 2016 - The Rise of the Purple Team BSidesSF 2016 - Securing the Distributed Workforce AppSec California 2016 - Ad Hoc Mutable Infrastructure For Security Management Hou.Sec.Con v5.0 - Network Penetration Testing - Beware of Script Kiddies Toorcon 2014 - Network Penetration Testing - Beware of Script Kiddies  Certifications: Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Offensive Security Wireless Professional (OSWP) Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) netflix-cloud-security-detecting-credential-compromise-in-aws-9493d6fd373a
Senior at Illinois State University, looking to learn and grow professionally everyday.  AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Optimization, Public Speaking, Microsoft Office, Facebook, and Social Media Marketing. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Science - BS focused in Public Relations, Advertising, and Applied Communication from Bowie State University.
Some smart guy who's good at things.  I've given talks at various security conferences including toorcon, bsides, and cactuscon on various subjects including malware and source code analysis.
Proven learner with professional certification; OSCP, CEHv9, CISSP and AWS Security Specialty. 4 years degree education in information security combined with 4 years work experience in Penetration Testing, Developing Sailpoint custom connector for application onboarding, Information Security Solution Operation, (DLP, Sailpoint, TPAM, Centrify and CA products).
Listen to me directly on Coalcast Coalfire's Cybersecurity Podcast:
Cybersecurity and IT Professional.  Dynamic, detail-oriented, bilingual/multilingual IT Security Professional highly regarded for demonstrated experience developing and deploying complex infrastructures and technical solutions for industry leaders. High expertise in directing risk management initiatives while establishing, implementing and enhancing key information security objectives and control frameworks to maximize productivity. Proficient in determining system requirements and resolving technical issues quickly. Skilled in providing effective leadership in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments. Ability to collate and distribute reports that enable peers and executives to manage work seamlessly across the company and ensure targets are achieved. -	Network Level Penetration Testing	-	Cyber Threat Management -	Information Security Policy and Governance	-	Risk Management and Compliance -	Network Defense SEIM Analyst 	-	System Administration
Cyber Security professional with a passion for red team activities. Dedicated to learning and applying new concepts. Always engaged in personal and professional development of cyber security skills. Experienced in many security solutions, technologies and practices. Goals include employment at a major company engaging in red team activities, government work to protect domestic and attack foreign assets, and be a common name in the cyber community.
Experienced Information Security Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the Information Security industry. Skilled in Microsoft Word, Military Communications, English, Ethical Hacking, and Information Security. Strong Information Security professional with a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) focused in Cyber Security Programming from DeVry University.
Highly qualified risk and compliance expert with a solid reputation for implementing and managing security controls by skillfully evaluating strategic workflow business and organization systems. I have demonstrated success by driving proactive security initiatives in a variety of organizations while participating in the development of progressive security architecture and security policy framework solutions in direct support of business objectives.
White hat hacker.
Web Application and Network Pentester currently working within a uniquely Federal Enterprise Network.
%27 OR 1=1;--
● 10+ years of experience on Linux servers. Red Hat Certified System Administrator. ● 5 years of experience in security consulting.  ● 4 years of experience in penetration testing. Profound knowledge of network architectures, operating systems, application software and cyber security tools. Wide knowledge of scripting languages in Bash, Python, and Go. Capable of developing buffer overflow exploitation.  ● 7+ years of experience in identity management, access management, role management, compliance management, system integration, implementing and deploying large-scale identity management solutions.
I use my love of technology and gadgets to provide my customers as much actionable information as I can to improve their overall security posture.
Seasoned Cyber Security Professional focused on Penetration Testing and Improving IT Security.
Highly regarded and innovative Information Technology and Cyber Security professional with strong aptitudes for technology, creative problem solving, and innate pattern recognition skills. Proven talent for identifying core agency/company program needs and translating them into functional deliverables. Unique combination of technical and real world intelligence operations experience. Team building, continuous process improvement, and project management strengths. Highly self-motivated, enthusiastic, and extremely reliable and ethical.  Demonstrated expertise in:   *	Penetration Testing *	Systems Engineering / Integration *	Intelligence Disciplines *      Workflow Planning *      Data Mining / Analysis *	Technical Writing *	Continuous Improvement *	Technical Support / Communication
With a strong willingness to learn and master new technologies I am ready to challenge myself with a new position in the information security field. I bring with me creative and technical problem solving and troubleshooting capabilities.  I have proven, practical ability in network and web application penetration testing, and vulnerability analysis. I am eager to prove my skills, and master new skills as required.
Over a decade of experience with Intelligence Analyst, Security Operations, Risk Mitigation, Law Enforcement, & Cyber Threat Operations. A well-developed hybrid security professional (High Threat environments) with backgrounds in irregular warfare, military police operations, digital forensics investigation, all source intelligence analysis (strategic & tactical), federal and state criminal investigations, adversarial hacking techniques, penetration testing, cyber threats and mitigation solutions, and overall IT security.   IAT II, Incident Responder, Infrastructure Support certified
Shane is a Senior Security Consultant and has over 9 years experience in offensive security. Always looking to continually learn, he has fine tuned his skills in IoT, network, web/mobile application, wireless, red team, physical and exploit development.
I live and travel full time across the country in my RV with my family. It’s awesome. So please don’t send me offers for work that isn’t at least 98% remote as it will not be a good fit for me.   Web Application and Network Penetration Tester //  Cyber Security Consultant  //  Remote Worker  //  Full Time Traveler
The movie  Hackers ​ was my inspiration as a kid. I used to take apart my computer to figure out how the components worked. I wanted to learn everything I could about computers, networks, and security, so I could one day,  hack the Gibson, ​ and have a cool handle like zerocool or serialkiller.  Well, I never got a cool handle, but I still want to  hack the Gibson  one day. Although now I try to hack systems and networks and perform security research to help organizations understand their vulnerabilities and risk profile. To help remediate and reduce risk, I prefer to use ingenuity over buying expensive tools when designing or recommending a solution.  My passion is reading through threat intelligence and learning new attack techniques to keep up with the bad guys. I consider myself a life-long cybersecurity student, as the landscape is continually changing and the constant need for me to improve and adapt my skills in cybersecurity and penetration testing.
An Honoree of SANS Most Dedicated and Innovative  People Who Made a Difference in Security in 2015 . Received numerous performance awards and recognition from customers which includes,  Employee of the Quarter/Year, Above and Beyond  for excellent work done.  Twenty years of technical experience that includes more than 10 years of  Information Security, with Federal Government, DoD and other commercial entities.
Always willing to learn and put myself at the forefront of technology.
Learned Information Technology and Security professional trained from the course titled  Certified Ethical Hacker ​-CEH) to secure hardware and software systems from computer hacker attacks, to prevent network penetration, and intrusions. What is a CEH Have a background in Mechanical Engineering, Software Development, CHFI, and IT Management.  Proven record of resolving complex technical issues. Reliably secure computer systems from threats and exploits. Test with enumeration, scanning, system hacking, and coding tools. Incident analysis or event investigation, tests security products and systems to detect security weaknesses. Assess and detect network vulnerabilities.      Security experience includes:  Virus & Trojans, Network Monitoring, Enumeration, DoS, DDoS, Wireless Network Hacks, Kali Linux Tools, Policy & Firewall Reviews, Window 7 & 8, Windows Server 2012, Vulnerability Scanning, 	  Password Cracking, File Encryption, etc..  I have an interest in Quantum Entanglement or Quantum technology that will  help  secure the internet from malicious hackers.  It will require the use of Qbits instead of Bits.  Keywords: CHFI, Information Security Analyst, Ethical Hacker, Penetration Tester, IT Network Security, Security Specialist, Forensic Investigator, Security Engineer, Security Analyst, Security Consultant, Site Administrator, IT Auditor, Computer Forensics Analyst, Cybersecurity Specialist, Cybersecurity Threat Analyst, Information Security Specialist, Risk and Compliance Analyst, Information Assurance Spec, Cyber Engineer, Cyber Incident Response Specialist, Vulnerability, Web Server Security, SQL Injection, File Disclosure, Remote File Inclusion, Directory Traversal, Pentest , Scanning, Vulnerability Assessment, National Security Agency (NSA), Committee on National Security Systems (CNSS) and the Department of Defense (DoD), Incident Response Management, Vulnerability Scanning
I am working toward continual growth and improvement both technically and personally while attempting to balance my love of technology with life.
A Penetration Tester/Red Teamer looking to one day specialize in Exploit Development, Social Engineering and Physical Engagements. Currently pursuing a Bachelors degree in Cyber Security at Utica College. Feel free to contact me for any inquiries
Dynamic, self-motivated, and focused professional, with extensive experience in managing, designing, developing, and implementing Information Technology programs and Cyber Security solutions to streamline company operations. If you would like to see my projects go to: 
Ryan served in the Unites States Marine Corps as an infantryman and later Scout/Sniper from 2004 to 2012.  He was honorably discharged in November 2012 and completed a B.S.B.A. from the Ohio State University Fisher College of Business in Information Systems. He is currently working as a Penetration Tester with Coalfire Systems.
Network / Systems / Security Engineer with experience in the corporate market and in the U.S. Government, U.S. Navy onboard many naval warships, and U.S. Airforce global AFNET deployments/sustainment.  Dynamic Leader with excellent communication skills, easily interacts with executives, senior, and junior-level staff.  Received two Navy Achievement Medals, and two Flag Letters of Accommodation for network management resulting in increased network performance and user efficiency. Received the Atlas Technologies Sextant award for outstanding technical achievements. Technically proficient with Cisco routers and switches, Alcatel-lucent switches, and knowledgeable of many operating systems, numerous software applications and security tools.  Fluent in automation techniques with Powershell / Shell scripting.   Top Secret Active Security Clearance.  Discovered Hyper-V host route hijack method, and new ways to abuse Tenable Nessus vulnerability scanning products.
I am currently a graduate of Hampton University, with a BS in Computer Science. I plan to work in the field of Cyber Security where I will advance a career that will allow me to make use of the technical and soft skills that I have acquired so far.
Since my days as a US Army Paratrooper, I’ve developed an uncompromising passion for excellence and attention to detail. This is something that continued to define my work ethic as I became a Senior Electronics Technician in RCA and General Electric working in sensitive military contracts, and later in the US Foreign Service as an Information Technology Officer in the Bureau of Diplomatic Security, Dignitary Protection Branch.  After my assignment in Diplomatic Security, I was selected to attend the National Intelligence University where I earned a Master’s degree in Strategic Intelligence with a focus on Information Security. I was then reassigned to State’s Bureau of Intelligence and Research (INR) as the analyst for Terrorism, Narcotics, and Crime for Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa. At INR, I developed an interest in Information Warfare as an emerging national security threat. To further explore this new interest, I reactivated my Army affiliation, trained at Fort Huachuca, Arizona, and worked as a Counterintelligence Special Agent (INFOSEC, COMSEC, Personnel Security, Physical Security, background investigations, and criminal investigations) from 1993 to 1999 as a member of the Maryland Army National Guard at Fort Meade.  Upon retiring from the US Foreign Service, I trained for several years as an ethical hacker, earned the Offensive Security Certified Professional and Offensive Security Wireless Professional certifications, completed MIT's Professional Education Cybersecurity Program and joined Computer Sciences Corporation as a Senior Security Consultant in the elite CSC StrikeForce Ethical Hacking Team, providing clients with best-in-class Cybersecurity through Penetration Testing and full-scope Digital Attack Simulation.
Security engineer, full stack developer, and lifelong learner.  As a security engineer, I take an in-depth look at clients' network and web application security and make recommendations based on findings.   I have come to appreciate the manual approach.  As a full stack developer, I build and deploy applications utilizing a variety of tools/frameworks.  I am passionate about the User eXperience(UX) and ultimately enjoy every layer of the web.  As a lifelong learner, I am constantly seeking a deeper knowledge of the things I know and persistently growing my knowledge into the unknown.  I will NEVER stop learning!
• Proficient in Wireshark       • OSINT framework familiarity     • MITRE ATT&CK familiarity     • OWASP top 10 familiarity     • Digital Forensics: The Sleuth Kit (+Autopsy), FTK, CAINE, Bulk Extractor, ExifTool     • Efficient at reading Log Analysis     • System and Server Maintenance           • Penetration Testing     • Project Management     • Network Troubleshooting     • Security Awareness     • Familiarity with Python, Ruby, C, C++, PHP, Assembly(Hex), Javascript languages     • Web App Vulnerability Assessment      • XSS, or Cross-Scripting Attack Familiarity and Proficiency     • WPA/WEP/PMKID cracking.
I love learning new things and I am always striving to improve. Playing sports all my life has given me a competitive mindset and I have carried it to my IT profession. This mindset has made me invest many sleepless nights and several hours of group work outside of class to overachieve and learn everything I can about my profession.  Computer Experience  Operating System Experience-Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2008R2, Windows XP, OS X Lion, OS X Mountain Lion, OS X Mavericks, Kali Linux, Linux Ubuntu and Linux Debian.  Software Experience- WireShark, Burp Suite, Nessus, Snort, Metasploit, Metasploit Pro, Dirb, Nikto,  Splunk, Encase, Responder.py, Active Directory, Symantec Endpoint Protection, Cherwell, Microsoft Office, NMAP Scans, Outlook, Lotus Notes, Dell Kace, Novell Ghost and several other Ferris State University supported software programs.  Computer Languages- Microsoft SQL server, Oracle, SQLight, MySQL, MongoDB, Python, Django, Java, HTML, and CSS
I possess a broad knowledge of hardware, software, and networking technologies to provide a powerful combination of analysis, implementation, and support. I am experienced in web engineering, hardware evaluation, project management, systems and network security, incident analysis, and recovery.
Cybersecurity professional. Penetration Tester. Hacker.
Network Security professional with emphasis in penetration testing. Skilled in web, application, and network exploitation.
I specialize in infrastructure, social engineering, physical and red team engagements. I have 10 years of practical, client facing penetration testing and consulting experience.
BR0K3NB1NARY@GMAIL.COM (802) 884-3556
With over twenty three years experience, I have been involved in the design and implementation of a multitude of client defenses using diverse security technologies and creating custom solutions to fit clients needs and requirements.  Over the last twenty years, I have primarily served as a lead role on vulnerability assessments and penetration tests for organizations from all industries big and small, including financial firms, private sector and military institutes. Specializing in assessing highly secured environments or worked on solutions to create them.   Over the last ten years I have worked within various instructor roles for private firms and colleges. The most recent professor role was teaching and creating new material for Sheridan Institute - School of Applied Computing and Engineering Sciences - Bachelor of Applied Information Sciences Systems Security Degree (PBAIS) program.   While at Sheridan Institute - School of Applied Computing and Engineering Sciences, I was a part time professor Instructing and creating new content for the following courses:  (INFO 04626) -  Information Systems Intrusion Detection and Prevention (INFO 43921) - Malicious Code: Design and Defense (INFO 40587) - Ethical Hacking (INFO 49402) - ISS Graduation Project (Phase 2) (INFO 40025) - Information Age Ethics  I am also one of the founder and organizers of the (smpCTF Hacker Olympics) along with Tim Shelton, co-founder and CTO of Hawk Network Defense.
Multilingual: English, Arabic, Somali and French  army national guard
Senior Security Professional with 20 years of progressive experience in various technical categories including Penetration Testing, Security Remediation, Network Engineering & Architecture, Windows System Administration, Custom Solutions Development and Enterprise Infrastructure. Recognized for innovative and creative problem solving. An efficient, result oriented individual that continuously exceeds expectation in technical skills, communication, preparation and execution. Provides unique tailored solutions and strategies that build up from an extensive knowledge-base of professional and academic influence from most technical industries such as AI & Simulation to Security. Clients include: US Department of Energy & US Naval Sea Systems Command. Secret clearance (inactive), Public Trust (Active).
Security Cross-Functional Execution and Influence  20+ Years Experience Internet Commerce Industry Cloud Frontiersman of more than 10 years.    *Large-scale Offensive Security of Cloud both DevSecOps and legacy product methodologies.   *Reputed Security Architect for Hundreds of Oracle Public Cloud (SaaS/PaaS/IaaS) solutions and numerous OCI Infrastructure services.   *Security operations pioneer during rapidly-expanding Oracle Cloud acquisition portfolio. Our team secured over 20 SaaS Properties over 40 locations globally.   *Master of Science - Information Security plus Post-M.S. graduate certificate in Penetration Testing and Ethical Hacking.   *Principal contributor of Cloud Security Standards, Strategy and Training  *Organizational promoter of focused execution according to business priority.
Vulnerability Researcher with a focus on web applications, holding OSCP, CISSP, and CEH certifications with over 15 years of experience. Currently studying for OSWE.
Securities researcher, and consulting.
Proven Information Security professional with experience in security engineering, security operations, and penetration testing. The more I learn, the more I realize I don't know, which drives me to pursue more knowledge and  try harder  every day to excel at my passion- securing computer systems, communications, and functions.
I have a very flexible toolset! I have used these skills in support of several sectors, including Government, Military, and Enterprise.   I work as a Cyber Analyst/Engineer in support of the Government and Civilian sectors, performing security assessment in regards to both network as well as physical security. I use my experience and knowledge of malicious attack vectors in order to learn about and anticipate attacks and  vindictive campaigns towards customer data. I interned with Alion Science and Technology during my time at SUNY Polytechnic University learning about and applying wireless hacking methodologies to unmanned aerial vehicles in support of the AirHalo project.  In the military sector I served as the primary Computer Specialist during Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan, providing computer support to 6 different companies. I worked with the Air Force to create and maintain a strong secure network for military operations throughout RC West. I completed the sanitation process of over 200 pieces of automation equipment and executed full data recovery/system rebuilds. I executed full data recovery and system rebuilds of over 140 laptops for top priority missions. In addition to information systems, I gained extensive experience in Harris radios and sat-comm communications.  On the government side I have supported programs related to Document based Malware analysis and replication, network penetration testing (including physical security assessments), Darkweb analysis with a focus on ransomware, and cross domain solution vulnerability assessments. As I continue gaining in experience within these sectors, my flexibility will continue to grow to aid in more and more projects and my toolset will continue to develop.
I am a new graduate specializing in the field of cybersecurity and information security. I am actively volunteering at a non-profit in the Bay Area, aiming to help small businesses, local governments and non-profits to survive and rise beyond COVID-19. Besides the technical aspects of the Pentesting project, I have acquired skills like Project management, client engagement, streamlining workflows while being a part of the volunteering opportunity.
Penetration Tester. Adversary Simulation. Security Researcher.  Speaker/Trainer at BSides San Diego, BSides Las Vegas, Wild West Hacking Fest  
An expert with over 10,000 hours practiced as a Senior Security Specialist with a vast broad knowledge and focus on cyber security. As a seasoned practitioner my strength and emphasis is in enterprise IT security that includes network and web application penetration testing, vulnerability assessment analysis, intrusion and malware analysis, system and network hardening, and security research. My professional goals is to offer my on-going passion and expertise of technical and analytical knowledge on cyber security that an organization could benefit from and to help further enhance infrastructure protection against today's cyber threat.
With experience and a drive for networking and investing in the local cyber community or building of projects, Ryan enjoys working with or alongside vets, cyber security groups, and industry professionals within his field. In his spare, he continues his education through certificate programs, cyber security webinars or conferences to perfect his craft and industry knowledge and casually exchanges information on topics such as crypto currency, real-estate investments, renovation projects, video gaming, or golf.   His accomplishments include, receiving multiple awards for outstanding team performance, professionalism, and project development, graduating as Summa Cum Laude.
Experienced software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Python, Entrepreneurship, Public Speaking, Quantitative Investing, and Java. Strong information technology professional with degrees in Economics and Computer Science with a focus in Data Science from Connecticut College.
Cleared Cybersecurity Professional and Military Veteran with six years of proven military experience.  Possess a comprehensive background in Security Operations derived from professional training, responding to real-world incidents, and conducting over 30 criminal investigations on the Coast Guard enterprise supporting more than 60,000 users. Demonstrated knowledge of forensic tools used to identify root cause of incidents as well as monitoring systems and networks for intrusions, security flaws, and vulnerabilities. Experienced in conducting penetration tests and emulating adversarial APT (Advanced Persistent Threat) activity. Adept at identifying anomalous network events, isolating infected assets, eradicating threats and providing methods for recovery.  Career supported by 2,000-plus hours of professional training and multiple certifications including GIAC GPEN (Certified Penetration Tester), GIAC GCIH (Certified Incident Handler), GIAC GCED (Certified Enterprise Defender), CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker), and CompTIA Security+. Currently pursuing GIAC GWAPT (Certified Web Application Penetration Tester) and CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional).
Technical skills related to supporting software applications within a large enterprise infrastructure: TCP/IP, DNS, firewall, internet zones, network protocols, physical/virtual servers, file/data storage, client/server application platform, web-based application platform, client-based application platform.  Communications skills related to leading a team of analysts and developers responsible for supporting software applications within a large enterprise infrastructure.  Communications skills related to customer facing activities including providing project status updates and responding to ad hoc requests from the customer or internal resources.  Project Management skills related applications development or technical infrastructure support or deployment. Administrative skills related to managing PPM, time keeping systems, Apps Manager, etc.  Vendor management skills related to working with/supporting third party applications within a large enterprise infrastructure.  Researches, designs, develops, configures, integrates, tests and maintains existing and new business applications and/or information systems solutions including databases through integration of technical and business requirements.  Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, analysis of business requirements, coding of modifications or new program, creation of documentation, testing and maintenance of applications, infrastructure, and information systems including database management systems.  Works within the Information Technology function, obtaining resources and working in support of objectives and strategies. Provides required documentation and participates in architecture reviews to ensure that the solutions comply with standards and use approved technologies.
Former Senior Cyber Security Analyst for the US military.  Currently a member of the Sony RedTeam.  Experienced in the following areas:  OPERATING SYSTEMS: Microsoft Windows 7, Server 08, 2012, Linux, Debian, RHEL, FreeBSD PROGRAMMING: C, C++, Java, Python; GitHub, Maven, Codacy SCRIPTING: Bash, Batch THREAT DETECTION: ArcSight, BlueCoat WCF, SIEMS, Alien Vault, Packet Analysis, Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems (IDS/IPS), BRO, SNORT, NMAP, NESSUS, OpenVAS, SURRICATA, Network Miner, OSSEC, OSSIM,  Palo Alto, Juniper, Cisco ASA, and ZyWALL Firewalls ADVANCED ADVERSARY TTPS (Analysis & Research): Cyber Kill Chain, APT28, APT29, APT30, Duqu, Energetic Bear MALWARE ANALYSIS: Static & Dynamic Analysis, manual & automated analysis tools, x86 Disassembly, IDA Pro, OllyDebug, GDB, C Code Constructs, Kernel Debugging, WinDbg, Microsoft Kernel API’s (Documented & Undocumented), Data Encoding, Anti-Disassembly, Anti-Debugging, Packers, Linux Shell Code Analysis INCIDENT RESPONSE: EnCase Forensic, EnCaseEnterprise, AccessData FTK, Volatility/Rekall, Google Rapid Response (GRR), InternetEvidence Finder (IEF), SANS SIFT, Mercenary Hunt Framework (MHF) FORENSICS: Live System Triage, Network & System Hunting, Browser Forensics(IE, Chrome, Firefox), PCAP analysis, Sleuth Kit, RegShot, RegRipper, YARA, WireShark, TCPDump, Raw Data Munging, ShellBags, LNK, Event-Logs, USBStor, Evtxtools, Foremost, Autopsy, SQLite, Memory Analysis PENETRATION TOOL DEVELOPMENT: C, C++, CSharp, Java, Python, .NET, WMI/OMI Scripting, SimplyEmail (co-author), DeepFreezeAgent Remote Access Trojan (co-author) ATTACK FRAMEWORKS: Cobalt Strike, Kali, Metasploit
CEH certified penetration tester pursuing a master’s degree in Information Security with background in coding, penetration testing, secure programming, network security and vulnerability assessment. Excellent communicator with great negotiation, planning and organizational skills, motivated to continuously learn new technologies to help resolve complex security challenges. Bachelor’s in Information Technology and familiar with knowledge of protocols, security tools, Kali Linux and AWS.
Cybersecurity Analyst with a demonstrable history of working in the customer service industry. I have over 10 years of experience working in the cybersecurity field. Currently, I work as a cybersecurity analyst, improving the security for our customers by using advanced tools and analytics.
Security analyst and Network Pentester. OSCP bound!
Information Security enthusiast specializing in Penetration Testing and Vulnerability Analysis.  Most of what I do involves testing software and systems, but in addition to finding and fixing bugs, I enjoy developing tools that assist in the discovery of vulnerabilities. These include port scanners, web scrapers, and other enumeration tools.   I firmly believe that the best way to make use of the enormous amount of information that we deal with in the information security space is to have a balance of effective data collection and visualization tools at your disposal. Because of this, I am always actively working to develop solutions that are both high-performance and visually logical.
“When you want to know how things really work, study them when they're coming apart.”      ―     William Gibson, Zero History
My Past Experience:  Construction Laborer (10+ years)  General Labor (10+ years)  General Laborer (10+ years)  drywall (10+ years)  Handyman (10+ years)  Network Security (6 years)  Application Development (4 years)  Website Development (3 years)  Website Management (4 years)  Programming (4 years)  Penetration Testing (6 years)  Python (3 years)  Computer Skills (6 years)  Web Services (4 years)  Materials Handling Experience (4 years)  Manufacturing Experience (8 years)  Fact Checking (6 years)  Investigations (8 years)  IT Experience (6 years)  Network Protocols (6 years)  TCP (3 years)  TCP/IP (3 years)  IT Experience (6 years)  Help Desk (3 years)  Technical Support (5 years)  Outlook (4 years)  Windows (10+ years)  Microsoft Office (8 years)  Microsoft Word (8 years)  Microsoft Powerpoint (8 years)  Linux (3 years)  Business Management (3 years)  Git (4 years)  Troubleshooting (6 years)  GitHub (6 years)  VMWare (4 years)  Network Protocols (6 years)  Network Administration (3 years)  Network Engineering (2 years)  Network (6 years)
Cybersecurity is not just my calling, but my passion.
Dedicated Information Security professional with over 15 years of corporate enterprise security and IT experience including penetration testing, vulnerability assessments, threat analysis, risk mitigation, and security infrastructure administration.  A red teamer with a passion for discovering how things work, breaking them down, and then determining how even the smallest building block can be misused to an attacker’s advantage. It's important to never stop learning, tinkering, improving and practicing your tradecraft inside and outside the workplace in order to continually improve and gain an edge in this moment-by-moment changing threat landscape. I am a team player that works very well with groups and I’m equally effective working independently self-driven on complex technical tasks and projects. Staying ahead of the latest cyber threats and attacker TTPs requires a driven persistence to find avenues of compromise, and then demonstrating business risk while providing reasonable and effective mitigating controls.  + -- --=[Specialties: Red Teaming, Penetration Testing, Cyber Threat Analysis, Vulnerability Assessments, Attacker-Centric Threat Modeling & Mitigation, Adversary Simulation, Purple Teaming  + -- --=[CTF Accomplishments:  2019 SpecterOps ATRTO CTF - 1st Place 2019 Corelan Exploit Development Bootcamp 2018 DerbyCon 8 - Evil Mainframe Penetration Testing 2017 SANS SEC760 Day-6 CTF - 1st Place w/Coin 2016 SANS NetWars Tournament - 1st Place 2015 SANS Holiday Hack - 1st Place Grand Prize Winner 2014 SANS Holiday Hack - Really Honorable Mention 2014 NetWars Continuous – Level 5 - All flags solved 2014 SANS SEC660 Day-6 CTF - 1st Place w/Coin 2014 HackMiami Conference CTF - 1st Place 2014 Bsides Orlando HackMiami CTF - 1st Place 2013 CSAW Online Quals - Many challenges solved 2012 ISSA Hack the Flag Advanced CTF - 2nd Place 2011 ISSA Hack the Flag CTF - 1st Place 2010 SANS SEC709 Day-6 CTF - 2nd Place 2009 SANS SEC560 Day-6 CTF - 2nd Place
Rehan is an experienced penetration tester and web application security enthusiast from silicon valley. He has a strong technical background in Unix/Linux system & security administration and was an active member of a Honeynet Project. He's currently working as a Sr.Security Engineer at Cisco Systems Inc (San Jose HQ).   • He leads technical security assessments, white box and black box penetration testing of a wide variety of in-house developed web applications, web services, APIs, mobile applications, embedded devices and softwares.  • Performs source code review of applications in C, C++, Python and Java.  • Security architecture review of production infrastructure and software, as well as embedded device architecture, communication and encryption schemes. • Training of developers and security engineers on security assessments and secure coding practices. Assists them in the resolution of exposed vulnerabilities.  Summary Of Expertise:-  1)  Penetration Testing                   -Network (Internal/External)                   -Modern Web Applications (Remarkable experience in manual penetration testing)                   -Mobile (Android/iOS)                   -Code Review (Java/C/C++/Python) 		  -Wireless (WiFi/RFID)  2)  Architecture Analysis & Threat Modeling  3)  Network Security & Hardening                  -Microsoft Windows (All versions)                  -Unix (Solaris 10/11)                  -Linux (RedHat/CentOS/Ubuntu) 		 -Deployment (NGFirewall/WAF/SIEM/Honeypots)  4)  Offensive/Defensive Security Training's                  -Ethical Hacking & Web Application Security  5)  Research & Development                  -Evasion of Next-Gen Firewalls & APT devices                  -Fuzzing (Model/Mutational/Context Based)                  -Vulnerability research and exploit development for MS Windows                  -Malware Reverse Engineering (Only Dynamic analysis)                  -Honeypots (High/Low interaction)                  -IPV6 Security
Infosec leader, Podcaster, 15 years experience understanding all facets of infosec, military veteran, mentor of dozens, GCIH and GWAPT holder, CISSP member in good standing.  • Extensive experience with the PCI-DSS, and SOC2 standards, instrumental in successful audits at a Fortune 500 company. • Experience with penetration testing methodologies (PTES), including doing reconnaissance, web application vulnerability assessments, scanning and enumeration • Established new vulnerability management program to replace inefficient vulnerability management program at current company • Knowledge of FISMA best practice framework and NIST 800 series documents • Knowledge with audio/video editing, and studio podcast production • Knowledge of HIPAA/HITECH compliance frameworks, as well as Meaningful Use requirements for Hospital Electronic Health Record Systems • Managed Information Security Program at a company that conducts more than $6B USD in money transactions in a month • GIAC Certified Web Application Pentester (GWAPT) (June 2014) • Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) in good standing • Creation and modification of risk assessments, Plan of Action & Milestone documents, and making enterprise-wide policies and procedures • Broad knowledge of Microsoft, Solaris, *BSD, and Linux operating systems • Experience with vulnerability scanners Nessus, Nexpose, Critical Watch, Retina, Qualys Appliances, and OpenVAS • US Navy Veteran (Honorable Discharge)  Specialties: GCIH, GWAPT, CISSP, vulnerability management, penetration testing, podcast production, audio editing, disaster recovery, business continuity, security audits, infrastructure security, physical security assessments, network security, vendor risk assessments, OSINT gathering, reviewing policies and procedures
Experienced, detail-oriented senior consultant used to working 100% remote, while still being an integral part of any team. Comfortable in highly stressful situations while meeting customer needs, maintaining a professional attitude, and performing job duties. Looking for work in an open, positive, and collaborative environment where I am able to advance my skills in the area of information assurance, vulnerability analysis, Computer Network Exploitation (CNE), and Computer Network Attack (CNA).
As a penetration tester and security researcher, I have worked with many diverse clients. I have focused on compliance, network security, and mobile device security for regional and national clients with my current employer for the past 2 years. I have been in IT for over 10 years and focused on network security for the past 7 years.  Specifically, I have performed PCI penetration testing, POS PCI compliance testing, internal and external testing, and security related architecture review. In my current role have developed a mobile application testing methodology and framework. The related policies, procedures, and testing guidelines have been integrated into the future service offerings and directly expanded my current employers service offerings and revenue streams.   Having recently developed and released a penetration testing Ubuntu distribution to be used on the smartphone platform, I have begun speaking at a number of security conferences. The research and development was perform over and above my workload and was released as open source and free to the community. All of my research, development, and publications have been performed under the pseudonym &quot;Kizz MyAnthia.&quot; While performing personal research and development my daily responsibilities and engagements were completed on time, within or under budget.  Specialties: anti virus,  bsd,  database administration,  firewalls,  ghost,  lan,  linux,  microsoft access,  microsoft excel,  microsoft office,  microsoft outlook,  microsoft powerpoint,  microsoft windows,  microsoft word,  mysql,  network security,  networking,  norton utilities,  oracle,  postgresql,  routers,  scanners,  solaris,  sql,  ssl,  symantec packages,  tcp/ip,  unix,  utilities,  wan,
OSCP, RHCSA, CCNA
Senior management and C-level advisor, vCISO, penetration tester, security researcher/threat hunter, Cyber Essentials/NIST assessor and specialist in helping organizations to implement and manage information security, data protection and privacy programs. I also teach the next generation of cybersecurity defenders as an Adjunct Professor at Rose State College in their Cyber program.
Have obtained PCI - QSA, GIAC / GSEC, and MCSE certifications.    Over 20 years of experience working with enterprise, government, school district, non profit, and private sector technology systems.  Very in-tune with OWASP, SANS, PCI, NIST standards.  Mitigating Risk via SANS 20 Critical Controls  Recent training in  SANS - Network Penetration and Ethical Hacking SANS - Application Testing and Ethical Hacking OFFENSIVE-SECURITY - Penetration Testing with BackTrack InfoSec Institute's CISSP Program Certified PCI-QSA  Specialties: PCI Auditing, PCI GAP Assessments, Information Security, Penetration Testing, Application Security Testing, Vulnerability Assessments, and Wireless Penetration Testing, Wireless Intrusion Detection, Search Engine Optimization, Risk Mitigation, SANS Critical Controls  Tools: ArcSight, MetaSploit Framework, MetaSploit Pro, Nexpose, Aruba Airwave, Mcafee Orchestrator  Nmap, Nessus, Kali, Backtrack, OpenVas, Burp Suite, Snort, Wireshark
Passionately curious in continued education and in pursuit of protecting organizations from the loss of intellectual property, whether from internal or external threats.
Highlights of Qualifications:  • Security Certifications: CISSP, GSEC, GCIA, GCCC, Security+, CCNA Security • Member of GIAC Advisory Board • Member of New York Metro InfraGard Chapter • Security: Splunk, Intrusion Detection, Vulnerability Management, Risk Management, Incident Response, PCI Compliance
When requested I hack things, report about it and invoice the client. 
IT Professional with strong interest in web application penetration testing, ethical hacking, vulnerability analysis. Hard-working, energetic, personable, and technical-minded individual. Possess exceptional customer service and communication skills with the strong ability to multitask and resolve issues quickly.  Currently pursuing- Offensive Security Certified Professional & sUAS Certification
I am always thinking of ways that the rules, processes, policies and procedures can be bent and which loopholes can be jumped through to obtain a better than expected result. I enjoy tinkering with new tools and technologies that push the limits of a computer's security, causing it to succumb to weaknesses. My career goal in penetration testing and network security is to continue the constant learning that is required to keep up with the innovative developments that are being made on a daily basis.    Before my time in cyber security, I worked as a certified social studies teacher in the local public school districts, where I learned to value the importance of training and constant education in any field or domain. I take pleasure in passing on my ethical hacking knowledge to others who are looking to learn any of the skills or techniques I have acquired through my time in my personal lab environment.   I have experience as a penetration tester with both the private and public sector, being employed by Leidos Cyber, Inc and US Army, which helped to improve the cyber security efforts of many companies and deploying units. My experience includes network penetration testing, as well as wireless and mobile testing. My additional experience includes competing in the US Army Top Cyber Warrior Competition, and the Lockheed Martin National Cyber Analyst Challenge.
Break all the things, fix them, then break them again!  Technical Skills Including: - Penetration Testing All The Things (currently cloud) - Cloud (From GKE to AWS to IBM Cloud, Kubernetes for now) - Networking (Firewalls from Palo Alto to Cisco 5505's), Switches and Routers (Pick your flavor) - Desktop and Server Operating Systems, Prefer Nix - Web Application Security - PCI-DSS, HIPAA/HITRUST, ISO, CobiT, ITIL - Technical Writing (No Nessus Scan Copy Paste Allowed)  Security Tools and Frameworks Knowledge: - Nix for hax platform - Metasploit Framework - Social Engineering Toolkit - NOWASP Mutillidae - Burp Suite  Fun Stuff! - Creating Skynet - Nix systems - H4x0ring and whatnot - Malware Happy Fun Time - Reverse Engineering Bad Software - Playing In Traffic
Penetration testing is my passion, discovering the truth about cybersecurity posture and utilizing my studies to discover situations we didn't know exist before the wrong people find those situations. I am very reality oriented, and normalcy bias plays no role in my vocation. I'm always adapting to new situations, proactively seeking the next threat vector, and staying ahead where others react and panic.  I believe in security in all its avenues. When others celebrate summer, I plan for winter. Where others bury their faces in their smartphones on sidewalks, I'm alert to my surroundings. When others celebrate the bull market, I plan to survive and thrive in the bear market. I'm an optimist, not because I believe the sheer power of my positivity will chase away bad situations, but because I believe in my power to prepare for and thrive in any situation. To find out more, please message me.
I’ve worked with technology my entire life and couldn’t imagine focusing my efforts elsewhere. I’m an analytically minded security enthusiast with a passion for mathematics and solving complex information security problems.  I’m always looking to network with professionals and share my knowledge — Always pay it forward. You’ll usually find me behind a keyboard, navigating my way through countless security forums and web sites to sharpen my skillset. Security is not a spectator sport.
Senior Cyber Security Engineer with over 12 years of experience in designing, implementing, troubleshooting, testing, and protecting infrastructure within the civilian, defense, and commercial markets.
CISSP OSCP GXPN GPEN GWAPT CCNA MCSA   At least at one time.   No longer feel the burning need to habitually spend the money for renewals.  Decades of IT experience.  Over a decade with a security focus.  Penetration testing to vulnerability management to risk assessments to a solid bedrock in the wrench turning skills of integration, tuning and monitoring a wide variety of security hardware and software.   (The following list is heavily sourced from my consulting days.   The list has grown since then, but am not going to list Nike specific technology.  If you are a bot then you may have missed this profile.  If you are human, just imagine the list is longer.) Hands on experience with the following technologies: OS: All Windows versions 2000+, Red Hat/CentOS/Ubuntu Network: Cisco routing and switching, Juniper and Dell switching Firewall: Fortinet, Palo Alto, Cisco ASA, Juniper SSG IPS: FireEye, Tipping Point, Sourcefire, IBM ISS, Juniper IDP Endpoint: SentinelOne, Carbon Black, Tripwire, Sophos, Symantec, McAfee, Trend Micro SIEM: RSA enVision, Q1 QRadar, McAfee (Nitro), Splunk 2 Factor: RSA SecurID, Safenet Safeword Scanning/Testing: Burp, Metasploit, Nexpose, Qualys, Nmap, Nessus, Wireshark, SoapUI, Paros WAF: Imperva, Akamai, F5, ModSecurity  Vendor certifications from Rapid7, RSA, PaloAlto, TippingPoint, McAfee, Varonis, Qualys and Blue Coat.  CompTIA certifications for A+, Network+ and Security+.  Specialties:  Internal and external network penetration. Web application and web service testing. Integration of new hardware/software into existing network environments.   Strong troubleshooting and researching skills. Quickly learning new environments and technologies. Meeting project goals either as a leader of  team, team member or as an individual contributor.
Cybersecurity professional interested in appsec, iinfrastructure engineering, and secure web development
Michael Stringer is a network security professional specializing in attack and defense, ethical hacking, and penetration testing with over 8 years of experience in the IT field. He possesses a 2 year degree in Information Technology with a specialization and certificate in information security, as well as a proud holder of the Offensive Security Certified Professional certification. In addition, he possesses a deep, technical understanding of computer science concepts, skills in programming, network defense, attack simulation, malicious software, and exploitation.   His extensive knowledge comes from a long background and passionate pursuit of information technology and computer science that goes beyond career or hobby. He frequently pursues bug bounty programs, as well as creates custom attack tools for simulating realistic cyber attacks in order to effectively test technical security controls in modern networks.   Michael currently works as a technical expert conducting penetration testing, red team, vulnerability assessments, and other information security consulting engagements which require both technical and soft skills such as communication, writing, presenting, and instruction. He is a US Army Veteran of 6 years with a strong sense of discipline and self-motivation instilled by his honorable and successful military career. He continues in his career with the same level of professionalism and dedication now as did the military.   His in-depth understanding of technical security from both an offensive and defensive standpoint, as well as his ability to communicate this knowledge in meaningful ways to both technical and non-technical professionals, make him an excellent asset to any organization in the InfoSec space.
Security Engineer skilled in cloud architecture and security, penetration testing, infrastructure as code, linux system administration, information security, information assurance, vulnerability assessment and remediation.
Penetration tester, OSCP, caffeine addict, perpetual student.
Versatile cybersecurity professional with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Experienced in mobile application, web application, and network penetration testing in addition to systems engineering. Holding industry certifications including Certified Ethical Hacker, Computer Hacking Forensic Investigator, Certified Network Defender, Security+, and Android Security Tools Expert.  Strong desire to assist organizations in defending against all threat vectors.
Specialties: Information Security:  • Intensive web application vulnerability analysis and exploit development research.  • Comprehensive knowledge of web application security assessment techniques and best practices.  • Highly experienced with DLP security testing. Able to test for ways to bypass email DLP as well as other method for sending confidential files outside of a company.  • Self taught with a strong desire to learn more every day.  • Have a great knowledge of vulnerability scanners and exploitation tools such as Burp Suite Pro, Acunetix Web Vulnerability Scanner, IBM Appscan, Metasploit, Armitage, SQLmap etc.  Published Vulnerabilities: Bluethrust Clan Scripts v4 R17 - Multiple Vulnerabilities
Network/Network Security consultant with over 20 years experience living in the Kansas City Missouri area. Utilizing my experience and skill set to provide secure solutions to customers of all sizes.  (ISC)2 CISSP - Certified Information Systems Security Professional  Offensive Security OSCP - Offensive Security Certified Professional OSWP - Offensive Security Wireless Professional  eLearnSecurity eNDP - Network Defense Professional  Palo Alto Networks CNSE  PCNSE6 - Palo Alto Networks Certified Security Engineer  Juniper JNCIS-SEC - Juniper Networks Certified Internet Specialist - Security JNCIS-ENT - Juniper Networks Certified Internet Specialist - Enterprise  Cisco CCNA - Cisco Certified Network Associate   Red Hat RHCE - Red Hat Certified Engineer  Aruba Networks ACMP - Aruba Certified Mobility Professional ACCP - Aruba Certified Clearpass Professional  Brocade BCNE - Brocade Certified Network Engineer BCVRE - Brocade Certified vRouter Engineer  Riverbed RCSP-W - Riverbed Certified Solutions Provider - WAN
Thirteen years experience working in the Information Security industry (8 years conducting penetration tests, 4 years performing IT audits, 1 year as a SOC analyst). Extensive knowledge using Kali, Metasploit, Nessus, nmap, Burp Pro, Core Impact, Core Insight, and Nexpose to perform both network, web application, and mobile application vulnerability assessments and penetration tests. Well versed in exploit development using tools such as Immunity Debugger, Sully, AFL, and TAOF. Familiar in popular frameworks, standards, and methodologies such as COBIT, ISO27k,  Critical Security Controls for Effective Cyber Defense formerly know as (SANS Top 20 Critical Security Controls), NIST 800-34, 800-30, 800-53 and 800-115.
A highly skilled Network Security Analyst and Instructor with expertise in planning, coordinating, analyzing, evaluating, and teaching the effectiveness of system security, infrastructure, and staffing required to accomplish department projects, operations, and objectives.
Hacking on Linux right now. Linux is cool.
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history consulting with medium-sized businesses throughout the US. Skilled in conducting internal, external, web app, wireless, and social engineering engagements. Education includes a BS focused in Computer Science from University of Maryland Baltimore County, and is an Offensive Security Certified Professional.
Information Security Professional and Military Veteran with a TS/SCI security clearance and nine years of proven experience in cyber intelligence, incident response, and penetration testing. Accomplished measurable results while leading teams of 5 - 60 personnel in a dynamic, fast – paced 24/7 environment. Recipient of multiple awards for outstanding performance and professionalism. Career supported by an active pursuit of a multiple degrees and certifications as well vast operational experience.
I am a Security Engineer with 15 years of varied experience in information technology and security.  My goal is to continue to contribute to strong organizations while expanding my knowledge.
Innovative, assertive and goal oriented IT Security Professional with over 10 years experience and success in testing, evaluating, documenting, and analyzing information systems to deliver cost-effective, risk mitigating, accurate, security solutions. Demonstrates skills in network and operating systems analysis, understands security needs, and recommends appropriate courses of action. Builds strong, sustainable relationships with clients, coworkers, and mentors. Expertise spans from analysis and design to testing, implementation and customer support of effective security solutions. Performs effectively under high-pressure situations. Maintains highest ethical standards.
I am a Senior Penetration tester and security researcher with extensive commercial and blue chip penetration-testing experience. Of 20 years. I was the the CEO of Red Cell Infosec I am very well known in my field for my work with Windows  I have been a Speaker at several Defcon conferences on Windows Security and Networking.  I have authored several penetration testing and ethical hacking tools. This can be found on many of the top security tools sites such as packet storm and lostlight.net  I was the first person to break the registry encryption on MS NetBEUI shared folders and network resources for Win 95/98  I have an extremely deep and solid understanding of application and network security. I have extensive experience in testing Banking and Financial institutions with running both proprietary Operating systems and Web-facing applications as well as existing well-known commercial technologies  Extensive Background In Physcial Penetration Testing I have made many contributions to the field of computer security in my free time. The most recent was volunteering my time as a red team attacking member for the Pacific Rim Regional Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition Sponsored by the Center for Information Assurance & Cyber security, University of Washington on the Microsoft Campus in 2008 &2011   Goggle for  mrmojo defcon hacker  for more information   Specialties:  Cloud Penetration Testing And Security	 Physical Penetration Testing Network Penetration Testing  Mobile Application testing 802-11 Wireless Assessments Targeted Social Attacking (Phishing / Social Engineering) IDS Penetration testing Web Application Security Assessments Information Disclosure Testing OSINT
Environmental and Threat Analysis | Putting Threat and Risk into Business Perspective | Helping Translate the Latest Headlines into Understandable Potential Business Impacts ||  I'm a voracious learner, an all-around analytic critical thinker, and interested in many areas of Information Technology, especially the advances in Artificial Intelligence.  I'm very aware of how critical a role information technology has come to play in the business world and how integral it has become to people in their personal lives. I am also fascinated by how advances in fields like virtual reality and artificial intelligence influence and change society and the human condition. As the influence of information technology expands, so does the importance of proper information security. Protecting data and especially personal data is a daunting challenge, and I want to make it simpler to understand the risks and ramifications associated with security and properly protecting information. People have enough to deal with in their every day lives without having to try to keep up with the latest news and buzzwords on InfoSec and what new threats are looming on the horizon...   I go through life with a paranoid mind, so that others don't have to.
.
Todays threat-landscape and the complexity of the TTP used to attack our computing infrastructures, requires vast and complex resources to defend against such attacks, where detection and recovery from the negative Business-Impact of such attacks, have been proven, if not impossible but to be extremely expensive in terms of labor and financial cost.  Defending against Advanced Persistent Threats (APT) and many other forms of malware, requires experts with knowledge and expertise in wide-range of Information Security domains.  In the last 20 years of my career, I have worked in different Information technology and Security domains, where the deep technical insight into the major computing technologies has helped me to build a strong background in understanding the nature and mechanics of the security threats we are up against.  My most recent activities include:  1- Secure Code Review following OWASP guidelines, Web-app vulnerability assessment (Burp Pro), risk assessment, and mitigation planning.   2-SQLAlchemy, business logic analysis for efficiency and security gaps against OWASP-Top 10 list of vulnerabilities (2007-2017).  2- Development of a C++ multithreaded project for a sensor simulator in a Lab environment.  3- Forensic evidence carving from Encase image file, using TSK, and decrypting EFS files simulating the suspect's raw image.  4- and  more ...
Offensive Security Certified Professional
Current US Secret Clearance Current NATO Secret Clearance
Doing things in information security field. BS in Cyber Security and Information Assurance at WGU.  I take certification exams for kicks. CompTIA A+, Network+ and Security+ certified defense analyst with an understanding of the TCP/IP and OSI reference models along with network and security fundamentals.  Experience in setting up a home SSH server for remote login, configuring firewall rulesets with iptables and fail2ban. These rulesets rate-limit connection attempts and drop incoming packets when hit aggressively by network scanners. Excessive login attempts block originating IP addresses. The server is configured for key-pair authentication, further eliminating the effectiveness of password-based attacks. This SSH server contains informational pages and text documents I've gathered or compiled for sharing and contribution by a handful of trusted friends as well as a private IRC hosted on a separate laptop running Ubuntu server.  I also enjoy playing on HacktheBox and OvertheWire.
Bennett Warner is an experienced professional in the Software and InfoSec field. As of mid 2019 Bennett joined A-LIGN as a Penetration Tester. Prior to this he worked as a Software Developer for the federal government as well as having spent six years as a Network Solution Engineer with Applied Video Technology. With Applied Video, he engineered and developed a variety of highly-scalable VoD and live video encoding / distribution projects. He was also responsible for management of cloud based and physical server fleets. Bennett is a graduate of West Chester University's Computer Science / Cybersecurity program. Outside his professional work, Bennett enjoys performing research in the InfoSec field and spending time with his Fiancée & German Shepard.
The first aim of any computing discipline is to solve problems which is what I do. I am a problem solver
I am a cyber security researcher who loves solving problems and learning about new technology. Strong in assessing cyber risk for large organizations with on-premises, cloud, defensive technologies like Microsoft Azure, Azure AD, FireEye HX, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Active Directory, and Linux. Currently, having fun developing new skillsets like Data Science, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning, in that order, for application in cybersecurity.  Proficient in the following programming languages: C# > PowerShell > Golang. Love working with network defense, blue teams like threat hunters to better detect adversarial actions, strengthening security for our environments. Purple team, the merger of defensive and offensive Cybersecurity expertise, is my current passion.
College graduate with 8 years of combined IT and IT Security Jobs with my latest adventure being Mobile Pentesting. I enjoy security and the idea of protecting the company from any sort of attack that could happen. I also volunteer for the Michigan Cyber Civilian Corp, that is a group of all over the State of Michigan who are prepare to help the State in the event of a cyber attack. Lastly I earned my L1 CrossFit Trainer Certification which has taught me group management and how to convey information to variety of different people.
Aaron Sanderson has over 25 years of IT experience in the Educational, Defense, Government and Private sectors.  Aaron's background in computer networking began in 1993 when working as an IT Services assistant over the summer helping his School District deploy internet access to Libraries and Classrooms. This led to him filling the same role while attending College; between 1994 and 1998 he was able to grow the campus network from four Windows 3.11 systems sharing a printer to a Campus Area Network of 500 network drops across six buildings served by Windows NT 4.0 and Linux servers.  Since leaving college in 1998, Aaron has worked in a range of IT and Support roles in the industry with a focus on Security during 14 years with Symantec and two years as a DoD Penetration Tester performing assessments of Military Systems.   An All-Source Intelligence Sergeant with the Army National Guard and Reserve with four years of active duty time, Aaron also possesses a DoD Clearance.
Deep passion for software exploitation and weird machine.  Interest includes: - web application security - mobile application security - embedded device security - binary analysis and reverse engineering - memory corruption - attack vector obfuscation
Hello! My name is Andy Chiang and I am third-year undergraduate student enrolled at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona. I am majoring in Computer Information Systems with a focus in information security. I am interested in finding internships, jobs, and experience in the field of Information Security.
As someone with a lifelong love of technology, progressing into the professional sphere of IT and Information Security is something that came naturally and with enthusiasm. Every day is a chance to not only learn something new, but to make clients feel more at ease with the technicalities and success of their infrastructure and contribute to the success of my team, company, and customers. I enjoy working individually and accomplishing goals on my own just as fully as I do seeing my team succeed in the same, and am skilled at managing goals and objectives in both atmospheres. Self-motivated and experienced in a broad variety of technologies, I always bring my best to the roles I fulfill.  Specialties include: Windows Server Administration, ConnectWise Automate, Information Security, Virtualization, Active Directory, DNS, Microsoft Office 365, Group Policy, End-User Security Training, Positive Communication, and the continuous pursuit of new skills.
I have experience building, designing, hardening and maintaining Linux/Unix systems and Windows servers.  Additional responsibilities have included creating, installing, cloning, etc. of systems and their continued maintenance and troubleshooting via stand-alone platforms and virtual platforms such as ESXi and IBM’s VIOS.  I have been a SAN switch administrator which included the configuring, zoning and maintenance of SAN switches.  My roles also included configuring, maintaining and troubleshooting layer 2 infrastructures on Cisco CAT, IOS and Nexus switches and WAN technologies on Juniper and Cisco devices.  Previous duties included hardening of Unix, Linux and Windows servers from vulnerabilities, controlling access to specific servers and/or applications on servers, access control on networks, patching and/or finding other solutions to mitigate risks, developing security frameworks for hardening servers and penetration testing web servers.  Specialties:  ● Installing/Configuring/Maintaining Unix/Linux systems ●VMware Build-outs  ● Nmap  ● TCPdump/Wireshark  ● Unix/Linux Shell Scripting ● Active Directory ● LDAP ● Microsoft DNS and Remote Desktop Services ● Security+ ● Cisco Certified Network Associate ● Juniper ● Fluent in Spanish (Speaking/Writing/Reading)
I have a vested interested and passion for Information Security.  Working over 14 years in the field I love to push myself the hardest looking to understand and dig deeper when it comes to advancing and improving the field of information security.  I'm very interested in anything that would allow me to push the skills I have acquired over the years in security to learn cool and new ways to secure data networks.  I have worked with many companies to help them with their risk management and vulnerability management programs. My goal is to secure companies by educating them on the methods used by attackers, identifying vulnerabilities, and helping them mitigate issues through appropriate security controls. I have created and taught many customized training classes for employees looking to advance their career and skill sets. Some of the examples of custom training solutions I have taught for companies are in the fields of network management, end-user security, penetration testing, incident response and digital forensics. I also do a lot with SharePoint and Office 365 and have become a big advocate for product development with a big focus now on Office 365 adoption within organizations to help make employees with collaboration projects requirements become more successful.
Self-motivated,willing and able to learn new systems and adapt with changing corporate environments.  Creative, results-driven professional committed to pursuing a long term career in Penetration Testing or Network Security  Engineering.
Herman Cowart, Born November 24 1989, is a Senior Penetration Tester for Iron Vine Security. Previously, he was in the positions of Information Technology Department Manager, Engineering Team Lead, and Technical Instructor for CSRA as well as a Technical Instructor for TCS. Herman had the honor to serve in the United States Army, performing various duties within the Information Technology and Communications fields.  Throughout Herman's entire life, computers have been a critical component in making Herman the person he is today. Since childhood, Herman has either played, broken, and/or fixed computer systems. As an adult, Herman now has over 10 years of professional experience.  In Herman's mid/late 20's, he started, the one thing he loves more than computers, a family. Herman believes that technology will be a significant part in the lives of his 3 brilliant boys. He wishes to instill them with as much knowledge as he can about computer systems.  Skills/Interests: JavaScript, NodeJS, ReactJS, AngularJS, Python, C, C#, Hacking/Penetration Testing  Hobbies: Gardening, Star Gazing, Playing Video Games, Game Development, Random Programming Projects  Herman breaks the fourth wall: I love everything about computers. I could not imagine a world without them. I love to learn any and everything about computers. If there is anything I do not know today, ask me tomorrow and I will have the answer.
I am a Senior Consultant / Penetration Tester with HALOCK Security Labs
Information Security Professional.  OSCP | GPEN | CREST CRT | CCNA R&S | GIAC Advisory Board
I am a Cyber Security consultant and interested in-  Application Security Network Security Reverse Engineering and Exploitation Pentest and Vulnerability Assessment Digital Forensics Cryptography CTFs   TECHNICAL SKILLS: Application security Tools:  WinDBG, GDB, OllyDbg, IDA pro, Burp, Objdump, Curl, sql ninja, sql map Network Security tools:  Metasploit, Wireshark, Nmap, Nessus, Netcat, Armitage, TCP dump Wifi hacking tools:  Airodump, Aircrack-ng Forensics tools:  Autopsy, Volatility, Bulk Extractor, Linux DD, Scalpel, Foremost, HxD Embedded device and firmware hacking:  Bus Pirate, Binwalk, Firmware-mod-kit Passwork Cracking:  John the ripper, Hashcat, Hydra, Hash Identifier Programming Languages & Databases:  Java, Python, C, C++, Matlab, Octave, Assembly, PHP, CSS, Jscript, Repy, MySQL, Oracle. Operating System:  Windows, Ubuntu, Backtrack, Kali linux, Mac OS
With expertise leading product strategy, customer support initiatives, and project management, I maximize revenue capabilities by driving product development aligned with current trends and emerging markets. I facilitate client interactions that accelerate results providing innovative customer solutions.  ✔ User first, I optimize business growth, enhance customer interactions, determine product strategy, and prioritize features to bring customer value.   ✔ Security expert, with comprehensive understanding of cross-platform fingerprinting. Solid knowledge of authentication protocols including OAuth 2.0 & OpenID; Encryption technologies including RSA & AES.  ✔ Privacy evangelist, with expertise in developing amnesic systems that put users' interests first. Strong understanding of differential privacy and zero-knowledge protocols.  ✔ Technical, I work closely with engineering teams to drive technical implementation.  ✔ Agile driven, defining the product roadmap and supporting metrics within cross-functional teams, I provide customer satisfaction and increase the client base.  My accomplishments illustrate my ability to deliver organizational wins across the board:  ★ As a public policy leader, I was selected as one of 16 speakers out of 200+ industry experts to speak about the security and privacy of consumer technology at the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).   ★ My works have been supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF), Google, and Palantir Technologies.  ★ I spearheaded the development of Purrivacy, a B2B Platform as a Service (PaaS). Achieved 110% of annual start-up goals within six months.   ★ I drove revenue capabilities and onboarded 65+ new businesses through devising a solid product roadmap and create “Pro Privacy” — providing innovative privacy solutions for businesses.  I am always happy to lend my product vision and strategy to exciting new initiatives, and I look forward to connecting with you.
A results-oriented Information Security Professional specializing in network penetration testing equipped with extensive experience in security data analysis, network segmentation, network vulnerability management, vulnerability and penetration test reporting, physical security testing, ethical hacking, process and procedure improvement, and incident analysis.  Leverages excellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills to strengthen team rapport and improve testing and reporting processes to increase productivity.  A highly analytical and forward-thinking problem solver who identifies collaborative opportunities and understands tactical and strategic objectives to drive results.
Most people waste their entire life doing the bare minimum to just earn a paycheck. Those people dream of success, while only the rare few get up every morning to actually make it happen. The Roman Empire started with just a single brick. Think of what you could create if you simply create a plan and execute.
A highly motivated and driven person who seeks to help others with the skills that I acquire. A true passion for teaching and writing. I have many interests and talents that are sure to add to the bottom line of any company I work for.  Specialties: Project Management Experience overseeing software developers Website management experience Content Development experience Certified Technical Trainer (CTT+) Microsoft Certified Application Developer (MCAD) in .Net  Awareness of cultural differences in educating and motivating individuals regardless of age
Information Technology Auditor/Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Security, Penetration Testing, PowerShell, and Python. Recent college graduate with a Bachelor's of Science focused in Cyber Security from Illinois State University.
15+ years of experience as a penetration tester and  security researcher, specializing in vulnerability assessments and risk mitigation.  Specialized penetration testing of web applications, embedded and device interfacing software, portal systems, network manipulation, OSINT, VOIP and mobile devices. Proficient in shell, python and php scripting, as well as practical knowledge and experience testing most modern programming languages.
Experienced penetration tester, cybersecurity consultant, systems administrator & DevOps engineer with over 15 years of experience in the IT & computer security industry. Excellent reputation for producing high-quality IT work by applying determination and attention to detail. Performance- oriented and enterprising leader with organized nature and analytical problem-solving approach.
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in ISO 27001, Vulnerability Management, Vulnerability Assessment, Networking, and Computer Security. Strong information technology professional with a Doctor of Management focused in Information Technology from University of Phoenix.
Georgia Gwinnett College graduate in Information Security.  Security is my passion and I enjoy sharing it with people around me.  Hacking isn't a skill, its a lifestyle.  I love finding new and unexpected ways to break things.  If I do my job right you'll be saying  I'm glad he's on our side .
CISSP and CEH certified US Marine Veteran with over 10 years of transferable work experience in the Information Technology/Assurance and Project Management. Offering an array of critical skills in Network/Systems Security Implementation, and written/verbal communication skills. Proven track record of working both independently and as a member of a team in austere and isolated work environments while performing high level troubleshooting, diagnostics for networking  problems and  troubleshoot/problem solve with limited resources available.
Computer & Network Engineer with excellent knowledge of Computer parts (Pc-Mac) repair/installation, Network Design - configuration - implementation , with 9 Years of total experience. 4 Years in Computer Network Operator/administrator based on Windows and IBM/AS400 Platforms. 5 Years as Computer repair Technician. Well based Knowledge in Computer Network Fundamentals. Owner of SILVER - GOLD - APP (Apple Product Professional) Certificates and recently Authorized apple product technician. Team player , open minded to new ideas and new Technology upgrades that could help the Company and the operations of each company to expand.
Jose is a security consultant specializing in network penetration. Jose has a keen interest in the following subjects:  • Network Security and Administration • ICS/SCADA/IoT Security Assessments • Network Penetration Testing  • Red Team Assessments • Vulnerability Discovery
Wearer of hats! Penetration Tester, Information Security Engineer, Systems Engineer, code wrangler.
I'm a highly specialized medical practitioner who is shifting focus towards the IT field, with a strong interest in information security, specifically penetration testing and offensive security. Currently freelancing/consulting in several areas of infosec, including penetration testing, application vulnerability assessments, network vulnerability assessments, and network and wireless security as well as SEC compliance and FedRAMP preparation. I'm searching for a position that will enable me to use my strong leadership, communication and organizational skills, technical background, and ability to work with others in the Information Security Field.
Highly Qualified Cyber Security Consultant: Demonstrated success in Penetration Testing, Enterprise-wide Vulnerability Management and Computer System/Network Administration. Proven expertise and strong ability to identify security gaps and maximize productivity.  My philosophy is that the key to happiness is balancing four main areas: Health, Wealth/Career, Relationships and Spirituality. There is no final destination in life, it is a constant journey!
A highly technical U.S. Navy veteran with years of experience who is looking to provide added value by contributing both military and civilian education and experience in a cyber-security network role. A quick-thinking individual with a proven history of engineering and implementing creative software solutions in environments with limited resources which reduced upper management decision making time by 75%, along with cost, and man-hours. Was responsible for over 300 secured network security solutions, 25 network repairs, and 2,000 hours’ utilization of Microsoft Office Suite.  TS/SCI Clearance - Inactive
I have more then 6 years of experience in various domains such as Web Application security testing, Vulnerability Assessment, penetration testing and generating reports using tools.  Currently working as Security Analyst in IBM Security & Risk Management team Design, & Integration experience on Security information and Event management solutions(SIEM) Background/understanding of software development lifecycle. Excellent communication skills with proven abilities in resolving complex networking, hardware & software related issues. Proficient in Linux operating system configuration, utilities and programming Extensive knowledge of hardware, software, and networking technologies to provide a powerful combination of analysis, implementation, and support. Managed the cycle of project continuity, reviewed the technical work of team, and ensured the quality of service deliverable. Skilled in Customer relation, business requirement gathering and Threat modeling. Organize meetings and Reviews. Provide consultative support with implementation of remediation steps, standards, and best practices.
Dedicated cybersecurity professional with proven experience in - Penetration Testing - Vulnerability Assessment - Information Security - Cybersecurity evaluations - Risk assessment - Risk management policy development - Bridging the communications gap between the IT shop and the C-Suite
TECHNICAL SUMMARY: Information Security: •	Vulnerability Scanning, Penetration testing, Access Control & Authentication technologies, Cryptography, Physical/Operational security, Attack strategies/defense, VPN/Remote Access security, System Hardening, Data Loss Prevention technologies/policies  Hardware: •	LAN/WAN Hardware: Routers, Switches, Firewalls, IDS/IPS devices, Bridges, NICs, Wireless •	Desktop/Laptop/Server Hardware •	Storage Devices: RAID, NAS, Solid State Drives   •	Extensive experience with installation/maintenance of wired & wireless home networks  Software: Windows 10/8/7/2000/NT/XP, Windows Server 2008, Linux, TCP/IP, VMWare vSphere & Workstation, Microsoft Office,  Norton & McCafee Anti-virus, McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator, QualysGuard, Nessus, OpenVAS, Android.   Programming Languages: LUA, Powershell, BASH scripts, Python  Additional Relevant Technical Experience: •	Hardware installation, configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting •	The TCP/IP Protocol Suite including IP addressing, subnetting and dynamic routing •	Configure TCP/IP using WINS, DNS, DHCP •	Install and configure Windows workstation and server  •	Understanding of routing and switching technologies •	Administration of multiprotocol networks •	User account administration and Domain Management •	Active Directory system and security •	PKI implementation •	Remote access technologies •	Vulnerability scanning with QualysGuard, Nessus, OpenVAS, Nexpose
Expert and Master in Offensive & Defense: CEH, ECSA, LPT, CASE.net,CND,CHFI, CASE.java,  and eWAPTX certify, which I use the OWASP top 10 and the NIST for my pen testing. My testing technique  are:  •	Security Analysis and Penetration Testing Methodology •	TCP IP packet analysis •	Pre-penetration testing steps •	Information Gathering Methodology •	External network Penetration Testing Methodology •	Internal Network Penetration Testing Methodology •	Performing Firewall Penetration Testing methodology •	Able to detect a IDS Penetration Testing Methodology •	Web Application Penetration Testing Methodology •	Database Penetration Testing Methodology •	Mobile device Penetration Testing Methodology •	Cloud penetration Testing Methodology •	Able to write a Report writing
Cybersecurity, strategy creation and development, risk analysis, software design and development, penetration testing, Industrial Control Systems, and exploit research.  Member of the University of Maryland University College competitive red/blue cybersecurity team: The Cyber Padawans.
I am a highly motivated, results-oriented Information Information Technology System/Security engineer with 16+ years of demonstrated experience in designing, delivering, supporting, and securing IT systems and services.
Experienced Cyber Security professional with a demonstrated history of working in multiple industries.
Specialties: Project Management, Process Improvement, Software Design & Development, Coding, Web Security, Application Security, Systems Implementation, Systems Integration, IT Auditing, IT Controls, General Computer Controls, SAS70, Data Modeling, Data Analysis, Data Cleansing, Migration, Web Design, Web Development, e-Learning, Learning Management Systems, Marketing, SEO
information systems security professional with over 12 years of experience in a variety of secure networked environments. Versatile team player with excellent communication skills and the ability to interface at all levels. Proven ability to manage all phases of Project Lifecycle.  Specialities: vulnerability assessment and penetration testing, network/security engineering
Industry pioneer for implementation of Achilles Practice Certification PCD/ICS offshore technology cyber security for rig fleet. Innovative and decisive IT/ICS operations professional with 11+ years’ experience of managing IT & ICS network infrastructures, OT/PCD/ICS/IT cyber security based on (WIB/IEC 62443; NIST 800-53, ISO2700(1&2)), and operational risk management within the corporate & ICS network environments.  Demonstrated success in team leadership, execution, strategic planning, stakeholdering, communication, budget management, and architecture design. Specialized in cyber security, enterprise telecommunications, network engineering design, ICS/SCADA/OT security, IT risk management, Incident Response, local and virtual remote team management.  Team leader who mentors with purpose and fosters strong working relationships to create great teams and exceptional results.
My career has been focused primarily on information security since 2010. Prior to that I held various information technology related positions both as an independent consultant and as a staff member at Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green, Kentucky.   As an information security analyst for a large federal government contractor, I performed network traffic analysis and reporting for a diverse range of networks located throughout the U.S. and overseas. This position included a review of near real-time traffic that was being aggregated from networks to which I was assigned. This position also required threat research in order to gather intelligence that could then be used to improve analysis of current and future network traffic, as well as to allow for the review of historical network traffic to highlight activity that may not have been identified previously.   My current focus is on assisting organizations of all sizes who are attempting to meet security and compliance goals through penetration testing, vulnerability assessments, and other information security related exercises.   I currently hold the following certifications: CISSP, GXPN, GPEN, GWAPT, GCIA, and PCIP  Specialties: Network Penetration Testing, Web Application Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessments, Wireless Network Assessments, and Firewall Configuration Review.
I am a Computer Engineer looking to hone my skills to help people and create a safer and more just world.
I am a huge tech lover who doubles as a social impact driver. I have spent my last couple years as a Cyber Defense Engineer, and now work as a Penetration Tester / Ethical Hacker. I enjoy being able to merge my love for finding & solving problems through tech with my love for understanding people.   I have a passion for technologies that impact the way our society functions as well as process improvement and strategy within organizations. Other areas of interest include open source integration and mechanical optimization. At my core, I bring passion to everything that I do and enjoy when I get the opportunity to share that passion with others.   In my free time, I find ways to give back to my community with a focus on exposing students from low income backgrounds to STEM and coaching youth sports. I am a strong believer in the fact that “I'm not saying I'm going to change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will …”
Experienced Cyber Security Supervisor with a demonstrated history in cyber security and Information Technology industries. Skilled in Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Risk Management Framework for DoD and Federal entities.
Jon David is a seasoned information security professional with over 9 years of experience in the information security industry. He has worked with both government and private sector clients in leading penetration testing engagements and technical assessments in helping clients to improve their security defenses.
Senior Penetration Tester / Senior Security Engineer with a Master's in Information Security & Assurance; certifications include OSWE, OSCE, OSCP, GPEN, OSWP, CEH, CHFI, and CCENT.  Member of the GIAC (SANS) Advisory Board.
An experienced IT/IA Professional and Manager with a wide breadth of knowledge and experience with both commercial based server/application hosting and DoD systems security, accreditation and administration.  Specialties: Information Assurance • Systems Security • DoD System Certification and Accreditation • Trusted Computing and Multilevel Security • Personnel Management • IT Management • Process and Procedure Design and Efficiency • Solaris/Linux/AIX Systems Administration • Systems Automation • Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity
I am looking for Cyber Security work to leverage security penetration tester in-depth training with experiences in technical support, software build, test & implementation to conduct formal vulnerability assessments & penetration tests of networks, infrastructure, web applications and to monitor, to assist in risk identification & validation and to protect them from attack.  Life for me in information technology started as a liaison, a listener and then a programmer, a developer.  I listened and talked with customers, often face to face, in the process of gathering requirements.  Use cases and test cases are created; source codes are written; eventually the software meets the requirements and passes quality and security governances are released.    I have been part of a technical teams who were engaged in helping and supporting companies in ensuring stability, maintaining high availability and improving the performance of their information systems and thus help meet their customers' expectations and goals.    I have actively worked in network support engineering, production support, software configuration, release management, quality assurance analysis and testing capacity for a financial service, a telecommunication and a health insurance company.  Expediency and transparency are attributes I make in my collaboration with stakeholders.  I am active in Toastmasters, a self-improvement program, where I mentor others to improve their communication and interpersonal skills as I was mentored.  In Toastmasters or at the work place, I find fulfillment in helping and seeing others reach their goals.  I want to work for someone who respects my ability to adapt to changes in work environment, to juggle and manage competing tasks and demands, to deal with unexpected events and to get the expected resolution.
I am a dedicated professional with 20+ years experience in the Software Development/Testing and Linux Administration fields. I have an extensive background in different areas of computer engineering thus I am versatile when it comes to solving problems. I am accustomed to thinking outside the box and have always tried to come up with new ideas to overcome obstacles. I am passionate about technology and always trying to find new ways of using technology to improve efficiency.
Experienced Security Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Information Security, Amazon Web Services (AWS), and Agile Methodologies. Strong information technology professional with a Master's degree focused in Cybersecurity and Information Assurance.
Proficient and meticulous cybersecurity engineer with 10 years of experience and a deep understanding of information technology and information systems security. A Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) and Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) with an extensive penetration testing, ACAS knowledge base, and exploitation tools experience and a rich understanding of National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) 800 Series Frameworks. A proven, quality driven, results oriented leader capable of leading in small and large team environments.
I specialize in red teaming and creating security products for MacOS and IOS. My programming skill set includes Javascript and Swift.
Senior Penetration Tester -   Certifications: OSCP, GWAPT, GMON, CPTE, CISA, et.al.
Lead author of  Hacking Exposed: Industrial Control Systems , Founder/CEO of ThreatGEN, Designer & Producer of ThreatGEN Red vs. Blue, 23+ years experience as a professional Cybersecurity Researcher, Risk Analyst, Penetration Tester, and Developer (15+ years specialized in ICS/SCADA Cybersecurity).
Penetration Tester | GPEN | GWAPT | Red Team | Blue Team | Incident Response
Motivated IT professional looking to grow and continue to learn and challenge myself and share my knowledge with others to make the world a better place.  Currently studying for CTIA,OCA Java SE 8, CASE Java, RHCSA, CISSP, and CISM  certifications.
Chris Foster is freelance security consultant/penetration tester with over 20 years of experience as an IT security professional covering diverse platforms and security issues. He possesses a wide range of skills and experiences that enable him to perform in multiple roles. Mr. Foster’s security experience is comprised of working with government and commercial organizations on their information security risk management programs through business security assessments as well as technical vulnerability assessment and application assessment projects and strategies. His main area of expertise is in social engineering, application and wired/wireless network penetration assessments. During his career, he served as a penetration tester for Microsoft’s red team to perform the Microsoft Windows Vista Final Security Review. This review was one of the largest single focus security audits ever performed.  Specialties: Penetration testing
IT Incident Response | Security Analyst | Penetration Testing | Malware Research | Hack the Box - Guru | Lover of knowledge!
•Offering more than 10 years of professional IT management experience in technical solutions to endorse the achievement of corporate objectives. •Extensive experience in managing relationships in corporate environments to support and promote technical direction and solutions.   •Strong technical skills, with ability to develop, challenge, and adapt.   •Excellent analytical, organizational, and communications skills.  •Ability to develop and maintain relationships with general public, media contacts, community/military leaders, healthcare professionals, local residents, agency representatives and non-profit organizations. •Previously held a DoD clearance.
Spring semester 2019, I studied Java at the City College of San Francisco which lead me to my summer internship at Ytel where I used Java, Cassandra/Scyla, and Spring to create the One Time Password endpoint for Ytel's API. Along with developing the endpoint, I created the Two Factor Application which uses the OTP endpoint that will send the user a six-digit password via SMS.  I am studying network security and Python this spring semester in order to pursue my passion for cybersecurity and backend software development.
My experience ranges from heterogeneous operating system environments and the subsequent administration of these systems to advanced network trouble-shooting and, of course, the security of everything in between. Experienced information assurance manager and network security vulnerability technician with a well-balanced combination of high-level managerial/project management experience and low-level technical  know-how . From a technical stand-point, I have repaired or hardened/secured everything under the sun ranging from mission-critical classified networks to the advanced networked avionics systems on-board the E-2C Hawk-eye aircraft as well as various UHF and SHF satellite communications (SATCOM) systems. Specialties: Network Security, Cyber Security, Digital Forensics, Evidence Processing, Incident Response and Reporting, Internal/External Threat Mitigation, Information Assurance Management, Access Control, EKMS Specialist , (COMSEC) Key Management , NSA / DOD Encryption Systems, Patch/Change Management, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), RF Technician specializing in SHF X-band communications. Disaster Recovery, Regulatory Compliance to include DoD (DoDD/DoDI) as well as industry standard (ISO 27000 series BS 17799).
Experienced Support Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), C++, Ethical Hacking, Security Consulting, and Test Cases. Strong information technology professional with a Cerification focused in Cyber Security from Elearnsecurity.
● Skilled professional with over 15 years of experience within the fields of penetration testing/ethical hacking, network security, intrusion detection, and computer forensics. ● Over 350 hours of training in ethical hacking, computer forensics, intrusion analysis and investigations. ● Diverse technical skills in numerous disciplines including Unix and Microsoft operating systems. ● BSc. in Business Management / Information Systems as well as a BSc. in Computer Science.
Experienced Information Technology Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the Information Technology & Services industry. Skilled in Information Security, Business, Switches, Technical Support, and Network Administration. Strong information technology professional with a Herbal Extract Specialist certification from The Michigan Institute of Natural Health.
I am highly motivated and I work well in a group setting, and I can take charge and lead groups of all sizes.  I have proven myself as an asset and a leader at every level.  My technical skills have been recognized at multiple levels.  As a recent Air Force retiree I have had an opportunity to prove myself in the DoD contracting world as a Senior Cyber Security Engineer.
Manage implementation and support of secure, high-availability IT and data center operations. Results-focused and experienced IT manager adept at leading technology operations and solutions development to support business objectives. Drive strategic and tactical planning to continually improve system, network, and application performance. Define, test, and maintain comprehensive disaster recovery and business continuity plans. Talent for assimilating new information and resolving complex issues effectively. Oversee compliance with SEC, HIPAA, SSAE-16, and PCI regulatory requirements, internal controls, and ITIL best practices. Highlights of expertise:  •	Strategic Technology Planning •	Life Cycle Project Management •	Team Leadership/Mentoring •	Regulatory Compliance •	Information Security Solutions	•	ITIL Service Management Practices •	Network Infrastructure Architecture •	Disaster Recovery/Co-location •	System & Application Integration •	Continuous Improvements
TECHNICAL SUMMARY:  Platforms:	Windows 7/8/8.1/10,  Linux (Red Hat, Ubuntu Kali, Tails, Fedora, Debian), Mac OS,               Android, Windows Server 2012 R2, Apache, IIS.  Networking:	LAN / WAN Administration, VPN, TCP/IP, Novell, SecureID, Cisco Routers & Switches, Cisco ACS , ASDM-IDM Juniper Switches, VoIP Languages:	C, C++, Python, HTML/HTML 5, Java, JavaScript, MySQL, Assembly (Verilog)  Tools:	Metasploit, OpenVAS, Core Impact, Nessus Nmap, TCPdump, OWASP Tools, Wireshark, Encase Forensics, FTK, MS PowerShell, Symantec Endpoint Protection, VMware, vSphere, IXIA Breakingpoint, IxLoad
Experienced Chief Executive Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Strong entrepreneurship professional skilled in Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Computer Repair, Microsoft Word, Sales, and DNS Administration.
Information Security Professional with more than 7 years of information security experience, primarily as a security consultant specializing in application, network, and wireless penetration tests, information security/IT audits, social engineering, vulnerability assessments, and risk management.  Experience working in various fields across several organizations, primarily in the financial technology industry, to provide professional client services as well as contribute to the information security posture internally at the corporate level.
- Vulnerability Assessments - Network Penetration Testing - Compliance Audits (PCI DSS, HIPAA) - Information Assurance Professional - Cyber Security and Computer Network Operations Training - Cyber Security Consultant - US Navy Senior Chief, CTNCS(Ret.) - National Security Agency Red Team Experience - CISSP
Ashley Shirley is a information security specialist with experience in risk and vulnerability assessments, incident detection and response, advising on information security vulnerabilities, response, and remediation, vulnerability analysis and security assessments. Ashley graduated Anne Arundel Community College with an A.A.S. in Information Assurance and Cybersecurity.
Pentester
Penetration Tester at Rhino Security Labs.
Currently available to all professions related to Malware Research or Penetration Testing.   Highly proficient in Mobile/Android platform .
Passionate Cyber Security Engineer, SOC Lead, and Threat Hunter with a hands on experience in all areas of Threat Management. In my past role I participated in the building, and operating of a $40M Global Security Operations Program including the Monitoring and Incident Response from network edge to endpoint for a $43B Global Fortune 100 company. Currently I am pursuing and training in my area I am most passionate about “Threat Management”; Data Mining (Threat Hunting), Auditing configurations, SOC lead (Incident Response), Vulnerability Management.  Specific expertise in; Incident Response, Threat Intelligence, Network Security, Infrastructure, Data Protection, Managed Security Service Programs (MSSP), Firewall Hardening, F5 BIG-IP Application Delivery Controller (ADC) technology, Network Forensics Hunting and Investigations, uncovering and remediating global outbreaks of malware, eCrime countermeasures and Pentesting.
I am a dedicated worker with a passion for cyber security. I have been obsessed with it my whole life and have devoted numerous years to my studies. My objective is to progress positively in academia and continue to educate myself on the fascinating field of information security whilst learning the professional side of the industry and providing top-notch service to clientele.
Securing products via proof-of-concept, emulation and collective validations.  Technically leading, teaching, and learning how to efficiently motivate all levels of Cybersecurity engineers to work together, cohesively and with the ultimate goal of finding a different path to finish the task at hand.
Cybersecurity Professional
Penetration Tester  Performed risk assessments to ensure corporate compliance Conducted security event monitoring for corporate wide in-scope applications Performed application security and penetration testing using Nessus. Created written reports, detailing assessment findings and recommendations. Writing custom scripts using python for enumeration and exploiting. Using responder and ntlmrelayx.py for windows-based networks. Using Burp Suite for scanning, repeater, intruder, session handling rules and macros.  IT System Administrator  Experience in Active Directory Server, adding new profiles in the domains Setting Permissions and Sharing security in Active Directory Setting new User Accounts in Active Directory Setting new workstations for the new Users computers, VOIP phones, headsets. Installing fresh OS like Windows, Linux and MAC. Installing and adding new email account within the email server and outlook. Adding POP3 and IMAP Accounts and putting some restricted Incoming and Outgoing ports email server Troubleshooting hardware and software problems. Maintaining all the printers replacing toners, fusers and cartridges. Updating the user systems.  Linux proficient. Windows 2003 to Windows 7 proficient. Customer Service Technical Support Experience in Graphics designing (Flash and Photoshop), and internet application Experience in Visual Basic, Flash, and Java Programming. Installing Security Video System. Cabling Experience.(CAT5 – CAT6) Windows Office 2003 to 2010 proficient. Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) with vast experience in Network management and Support In-depth knowledge of Cisco routing and switching technologies Skilled in Cisco IOS network configuration and Network troubleshooting Proficient with routers, switches, network security devices, protocol analyzers , and TCP/IP Familiarity with Cisco network systems and networking principles and practices Strong planning and organization skills
I am a results-driven cyber security consultant with a track record of delivering complex and challenging projects on time and on budget.  I’ve worked as a Penetration Tester, Network Security Engineer, Security Solutions Architect, SOC Analyst, System Administrator and Sales Engineer for both public and private organizations.  My deep security-focused skillset and business acumen enable me to effectively assess vulnerabilities and drive the change necessary to defend against the most advanced, persistent threat actors.
Well rounded Cyber Security professional with over twenty years of professional experience in both government and major telecom sectors.  I currently specialize in Cyber Incident Response/Handling, Digital Forensics, Malware Analysis and Penetration Testing.
I am a huge people-person and have spent several years in the IT Security realm. My passion is Penetration Testing. There is nothing greater than finding a weakness in a system that leads to a reverse shell after hours of testing the perimeter of a network.   I am always striving to better myself and always trying to improve my skill-set to make myself a well rounded player in the security field. I believe in contributing to the security community with new security findings and helping others learn as well. Working as a team is important to me.   I love meeting new people and learning new things, so please feel free to say hello and share a story with me.
A leader with technical chops.
Experienced Penetration Testing/Red Teaming professional with a demonstrated history of working in the commercial, Defense & Space industries. Skilled in Python, Scripting, Offensive/Defensive operations and tactics in Windows and Linux environments. Holds a Bachelors in Computer Science with a minor in Cyber Security. Currently holds an active Top Secret/SCI clearance.
Information Security consultant with experience in penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, infosec curriculum development, and network defense. Currently working primarily as a penetration tester performing network, application, and wireless penetration tests.
I am an extremely dedicated senior Information Security professional who's infatuated with constantly learning new skills and improving. In additional to Application Security I am really knowledgeable in most of the other major security domains such as risk management, penetration testing, incident response, malware analysis, exploit development and software engineering.  My distinguishing factor is passion!  All my goals and accomplishments are grounded by this love and obsession for Information Security! I am VERY active in the cyber landscape. Everyday I try as hard a I can to contribute and advance our profession. I will never miss an opportunity to do so! Self motivation and introspection is what I live by.  The quest and desire to understand all facets of security along with the fascination with learning new things is what fuels me, not personal advancement. The journey is what really makes you, not arriving at the destination. It's actually a somber feeling obtaining the cert because you know it's officially over. I constantly and consistently push myself and have yet to find a breaking point.   Areas of Expertise:  • Application Security Program Construction  • Secure SDLC  • Penetration Testing  (Web Applications,   Infrastructures, Wireless, Physical) • Secure Coding • Security Assessments  • Vulnerability Research  • Source Code Analysis  • Scripting   Skill set: • Application Security Testing  • Vulnerability Management  • Threat Hunting • Exploit Research • Malware Analysis  • Red Team Operations  
I am a computer security and IT enthusiast who has a passion for keeping networks secure and staying on top of technology.
GWAPT, C|EH, Activist, Elephant Enthusiast
I love this industry.
To achieve an aspiring and earnest position which utilizes my experience and abilities.
I am passionate about information security. Not only is security my career focus but it’s my hobby. I absolutely love my job.  In my previous role as Director of Penetration Testing I led efforts on matters of information security consulting. The gamut stretched from developing test plans for Fortune 100 companies to competing in  bake-offs  to win business against other top tier consulting vendors.   In my current role I serve as the Director of our Application Security Engineers and Technical Operations. This means I am an extension of (and advisor to) over 300+ security programs across many industry verticals. Under my direction, my team has triaged over 15,000 vulnerabilities this year alone. We also strive to keep the relationship between vulnerability researcher and customer a good one.  Personally, I love being in the trenches and performing actual assessments, but I am also adept at handling clients, architecting solutions, designing services, improving business processes, managing technical consultants, training, technical writing, marketing, and delivering solutions. While my strengths are web, network/infrastructural, and mobile assessments, I have personally performed a myriad of other services and implemented them for a consultancy as a deliverable (mainframe, wireless, cloud assessment, database, OSINT, APT simulation, binary reversing, and static code analysis).  In my free time, I write for several information security publications and am a semi-regular capture the flag player.  While I never call myself a  master  of anything, I do have a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. These skills make me adept at getting business, finding security vulnerabilities, and eventually leading a customer to a better security posture.
A Pen tester with experience of penetration testing on various applications in different domains like Business Financial Services, Retail and telecom.  Performs security testing (both automation and Manual) on critical client applications and systems in order to identify security vulnerabilities in a systematic manner.  Experience in vulnerability assessments and penetration testing using various tools like IBM AppScan, BurpSuite, DirBuster, OWASP ZAP Proxy, NMap, Nessus, Kali Linux.  Perform Static and Dynamic Security Testing based on OWASP Top 10 Methodologies.  OWASP Top 10 Issues identifications like XSS, CSRF, session fixation, SQL injection, information leakage, application logic etc. across various platforms   Attempts to exploit vulnerabilities using Core Impact and devise strategies and techniques to mitigate identified cyber security risks.
I currently work for Deltek as an Application Security Assessment Engineer aka pentester.  I hold the Offensive Security Web Expert (OSWER), Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) Penetration testing certification, the Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification, as well as the Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Security+, and SecurityTube iOS Security Expert (SISE) certifications. I'm very enthusiastic about all types of information security, and make this my passion as well as my profession.
Email:alex.huang@alumni.polyu.edu.hk  A.K.A. demonalex  being fascinated with Cyber Security and Info Security fields since 2002.Almost 20 years' working experience in the security fields.Possessing the working experience of security manufacturers,security service providers,security vendors,Internet Service Providers and banks.  M.S. in Network Administration and Cybersecurity,M.Sc. in Software Technology(Machine Learning),M.Eng. in Software Engineering(Malware Detection),and PgD in Digital Forensics graduate.  Certified ISO27001 Lead Implementer and Lead Auditor knowing how to align the business objective with Information Security objective, assist the organization to comply with such regulations as FFIEC, DFS 500, and NIST CSF, as well as deal with C-Level personnel for performing Information Security activities. Also familiar with Business Continuity Management System (BCMS) and Privacy Information Management System (PIMS).  Once took part in on-site information security protection tasks of Olympics Games, Asian Games, and Expo.  Been finding over 20s vulnerability identifiers collected by such vulnerability databases as CVE and BUGTRAQ,e.g. CVE-2012-5100,CVE-2012-3816,BID-53649,and BID-53865, since 2009.  Participated in developing such security systems as Honeypots,Wireless Intrusion Detection System,Intrusion Prevention System,Fuzzers,Scanner,Code Analyzer,Config Reviewer,Correlation Analyzer,OTP Service,and Syslog Relay.  Competent to programming in Perl with CGI,Socket,WinPcap,and Regular Expression,and Python with Scapy.Used to program in C/C++ and Basic.Skilled with Linux,Perl,Python and SQL building up security systems,and capable of using IDA Pro and Wireshark to analyze Malware and network traffic.  Delve into Machine Learning by using such tools as Scikit-Learn to achieve Linear Regression,Decision Tree,SVM,etc.  Familiar with multiple security systems,e.g. Scanner,NIDS/NIPS,HIDS,Code Reviewer,Firewall/UTM/WAF,Honeypots,Endpoint Security,Sandbox,DLP,and SIEM.Specialize in the security of Windows,Linux,Unix,MacOS and Cisco IOS,VM,and Docker.  Oversaw diverse projects including Risk Management,Penetration Test,Phishing Test,Physical Inspection,Threat Intelligence,SDL,IT Risk,Threat Modeling,SOC,Incident Response,and Training.  CISSP,ISO/IEC LA,EC-Council,CompTIA,EXIN,and CIW certified in multiple IT areas.
Experienced Security Professional with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Skilled in Python, Threat & Vulnerability Management, Identity & Access Management (IAM), Information Security, and Python (Programming Language). Graduate student from University of California, Berkeley.
Security Enthusiast | Pentester | IT security Auditor   Technical Skills: b. Scripting Languages: PHP, JavaScript                    c. Operating Systems: MS Windows, Linux (Ubuntu, Kali)                                          d. Database: MySQL e. Network Security tools: Nessus, Metaspoilt, Nmap, GFI LanGuard, Wireshark and Microsoft Baseline 		               f. Applicaton Security tools: Acunetix WVS, Burpsuite, WebScarab , Netcraft ,SSL Digger g. SIEM tool: Cisco Ironport Email Security  Affiliation: Member of Information System Security Association,New England Chapter, MA  Professional Certification: Certified Ethical Hacker CEH v 6.1 EC-Council  Training: Cisco Certified Network Associate CCNA 640-802 from ACIT Institute Certified Ethical Hacker – CEH v6.1 from MIEL Academy  I am always eager to expand my professional network. Please feel free to connect or message me if you would like to speak about Cyber Security.
I've been intrigued by tinkering and technology since a young age. Two of my favorite toys growing up were Legos and my Game Boy Color. As I grew older I became increasingly interested in computers and cell phones. In high school I flashed my Razr and Razr2 cellphones to the stock Motorola firmware from the sluggish Verizon firmware. I was also frequently skirmishing with my parents to find ways to circumvent their computer restrictions so that I could play video games with my friends.   After graduating from high school I attended UCSB. I took my first Computer Science class during my freshman year. After taking a class with Phill Conrad and realizing CS classes had the most interesting homework I knew I wanted to major in Computer Science. During my senior year of school I started working part time a Redspin.   After graduating from UCSB’s College of Engineering I joined the Redspin security team full time, and have been in security ever since.
•	Strong, broad background in Cisco networking devices, IPS/IDS and packet analyzing software and, base operations. Thrive in a fast-paced and changing environment. Creative and innovative thinker, bringing energy, enthusiasm and leadership to problem resolution.    o	Communication o	Research o	Analytical skills o	Organized  o	Conflict Resolution o	Management o	Leadership o	Training o	Operations
Engineer, director & CISO in the U.S. Intelligence Community, financial sector & health care industry.   Josh has an MS in Information Security from DePaul University and a BA from Michigan State University.  As CISO of Flatiron Josh is responsible for the information security of over 2 million patient records and ~900 employees.      As the Global Cyber Security Operations Director at Capital One Josh built 4 teams of 50+ analysts, engineers and developers who are responsible for 24x7 security monitoring, 24x7 incident response, SIEM, and DevOps.  As a SIEM engineer in US Intelligence Community he built big data platforms to identify targeted cyber attack campaigns from nation state actors. During this time he directly supported the SOC, Incident Response, Cyber Threat Intelligence and Insider Threat teams.
Experienced Lead Cyber Security Professional with a demonstrated history of working in the Federal Space. 7+ Years of DoD and IC experience. Lead engineering teams of 20+ to solve complex problems and provide solutions to C level leadership.  Skilled in Penetration Testing, Security Research, Information Assurance, AWS Security, Information Security, Information Technology, Bash, and Java, Javascript, Python, HTML, CSS. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Science - BS focused in Criminal Justice from University of Maryland Eastern Shore.
Passionate Red Teamer/Offensive Security Researcher specializing in exploit development and vulnerability research. Currently lead the vulnerability research service line at The Home Depot which has contributed in the discovery of critical vulnerabilities in applications such as Tanium, Npcap, Hide.me VPN and Dropbox.
Information Systems Professional with over twenty years of experience in banking, healthcare, research, manufacturing, and consulting.  My professional background includes penetration testing, vulnerability management, architecture, forensics, networking, server operations, storage, policy, directory services, and more.
Experienced Reverse Engineer
Chris Hadnagy (author of Social-Engineering: The Art of Human Hacking and Unmasking the Social Engineer: The Human Element of Security, Phishing Dark Waters and Social Engineering: The Science of Human Hacking) is a speaker, teacher, pentester, and recognized expert in the field of social engineering and security.   Chris Hadnagy is the President and CEO of Social-Engineer, Inc. He has spent the last 16 years in security and technology, specializing in understanding the ways in which malicious attackers are able to exploit human weaknesses to obtain access to information and resources through manipulation and deceit.   Chris is a graduate of Dr. Paul Ekman’s courses in Microexpressions, having passed the certification requirements with an “Expert Level” grade. He also has significant experience in training and educating students in non-verbal communications. He hold certifications as an Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) and an Offensive Security Wireless Professional (OSWP).  Finally, Chris has launched a line of professional social engineering training and penetration testing services at Social-Engineer.Com. His goal is to assist companies in remaining secure by educating them on the methods used by malicious attackers. He accomplishes this by analyzing, studying, dissecting, then performing the very same attacks used during some of the most recent incidents (i.e. Sony, HB Gary, LockHeed Martin, Target, etc), Chris is able to help companies understand their vulnerabilities, mitigate issues, and maintain appropriate levels of education and security.  Chris has developed one of the web’s most successful security podcasts, The Social-Engineer.Org Podcast, and the equally-popular SEORG Newsletter. Over the years, both have become a staple in most serious security practices and are used by Fortune 500 companies around the world to educate their staff.
Offensive Security Web Expert AWAE (OSWE) - In progress Pentester Academy (Certified Red Team Professional) - In progress Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP) - Jan 9th 2019  Offensive Security Wireless Professional (OSWP) - Mar 25th 2013
I am currently leading the internal pentesting program for Hilton. My responsibilities include performing assessments internally, coordinating with pentest vendors for assessments performed externally, and also overseeing the implementation of security tools within a DevOps environment, such as SAST and DAST scanning. As part of my duties, I perform a wide variety of penetration tests, including for web applications, Windows applications, thick clients, IoT devices, and internal/external environments. I also have a strong background in performing Red Team style assessments, as well as developing sophisticated detections for attacker activity. In addition, I am an active developer of Red Teaming tradecraft, some of which has been publicly released and can be found at my personal blog (sekirkity.com) and the official FireEye blog (fireeye.com/blog.html).
Specialties:  - Penetration testing. - The C++ programming language. - Network traffic analysis. - Native Linux/Windows programming. - Some scripting languages, such as Python and PHP.
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) Certified Ethical Hacker (C|EH) GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH) - expired 12/2009  Specialties: Information Security, Risk and Compliance, Vulnerability Assessments, Web Applications, Network Pentesting, PCI-DSS, ISO27001
Senior Security Consultant and Penetration Tester and Red Team  with experience of 6 years. Vulnerability Assessment, IT infrastructure monitoring, Intrusion Analyst, Web Application Penetration and Mobile App Pentest on both (IOS Android), Social Engineering (Physical and Electronic along with Wireless).   Also have experience in various areas such as Linux/Unix Administration, Mail Servers, Clustering, Virtualization, Cloud Computing, Web servers, Database Servers, Load balancing, Open Source Software Solutions.   Possessing various professional certifications from  Offensive Security and Red Hat.    In Information security domain I work on Penetration Testing and  Vulnerability & Threat Management(Openvas, Nessus), IDS (Snort, Bro),  IT infrastructure monitoring (Nagios, Zabbix, OSSEC, Munin),   Security Information and Event Management (NMIS, OSSIM) , Wireshark, Dradis, Metasploit,  Forensic tools.  For RED Team (USB keylogger and Hak5 rubber ducky, Hak5 pineapple, MITM Pi device, 15dbi wireless antenna, mimikatz, Veil Evasion).    In Server Administration domain worked with Various Mail Servers (Qmail, Exim, Zimbra, Postfix), Openfire XMPP  Servers, Control Panel ( Cpanel, Plesk, Zpanel), Virtualization  (Xen, KVM, OpenVZ ), Databases (Mysql, Postgres), Clustering (Heart Beat), Load Balancing (piranha), Web server (Apache, Tomcat).        I am a Free software & Security enthusiast, FOSS Supporter and the Follower of GNU philosophy. Loves very much to write and share new things about Linux, Open Source, Information security and Hacking through my blog LINUX DIGEST.
Experienced Senior Security Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry.
Remy Baumgarten currently works at Boldend.  Boldend is a next-generation defense contractor focused on accelerating cyber operations with greater force. Boldend builds products that automate the creation, maintenance, and deployment of advanced cyber capabilities in order to keep our customers far ahead of the adversary and win back control of the fifth domain. Boldend is headquartered in San Diego, California, and was founded in 2017 by a group of cybersecurity experts. Boldend is a Raytheon Partner.  Remy Baumgarten was a cyber security developer, instructor, and researcher at Focal Point Academy. Before joining Focal-Point, Remy was a Technical Lead on the malware team and the mobile expert on iOS at Booz Allen Hamilton.  His published work includes white papers on iPhone reverse engineering tools and Advanced Persistent Android Malware.  Remy has presented his work at events such as DEFCON, AusCERT, LockDown, Halo Counter Terrorism Summit, AIAA Aviation and Suits and Spooks.  His background includes critical infrastructure, pentesting, assembly language, OS architecture, programming, malware on OSX, Linux, Android, iPhone, IoT and honeypot research.  Reverse Engineering, Malware Analysis, Exploit Development, Tool Development,  Unpacking, Mobile Application Development (IOS, Android), Apple iOS Security, Android Security, iOS Forensics, Android Forensics, objc, C/C++, Java, PHP, C#, Python, Ollydbg, IDA PRO, x86, ARM, Windbg, Idapython, Honeypots, FreeBSD  Certs:   GREM (GIAC Reverse Engineering Malware) CREA  (Certified Reverse Engineering Analyst) CEREA (Certified Advanced Reverse Engineering Analyst) APT (Booz Allen Advanced Persistent Threat Forensics)
Cyber Security professional who possesses technical expertise and managerial competence. Highly proficient in Penetration Testing, SOC Operations, Incident Response, Project Management, Network Engineering, System Administration, Training, and Documentation.  SPECIALTIES Incident Response | Penetration Testing | Network Configuration | Network Protocol and Security | Cyber Security | Root-Cause Analysis | Team Development | Coaching/Mentoring | Policy Development.   INTERESTS Evolving my skill set like threat actors to offer real-world solutions.  Educating C-level to end-user personnel on identifying indicators-of-threats.
Performing Ethical Hacking and Red Teaming practices, covering the full life cycle (reconnaissance, delivery exploitation, command, control, and exfiltration).  Performs Penetration Testing of applications, systems, servers, networks and enclaves to uncover potential weakness, fingerprint behavior of attackers and detect potential malicious behavior.  Working on Web-based applications, Networks, Mobile, Cloud ☁️ based and other types of computer systems on a regular basis and also performing White Box, Black Box, and Grey Box testing on various methodologies in  security.  Applies offensive cyber security testing techniques, coordinates testing projects with internal and external system owners, reports the nature of the identified cyber security risks, and recommends risk mitigation measures to improve the cyber security posture of the enterprise with written reports and presentations to the client.  Involves in secured design and solution for newly proposed applications, incorporating security right at the requirement elicitation and designing phase of Security Development Life Cycle System(SDLC).  Performs Dynamic Application Security Testing(DAST), Static Application Security Testing(SAST), Interactive Application Security Testing(IAST), Product Security Testing.
Penetration Tester, Security Engineer, OSCP with a data and software development background.
MSc in Computer Science, with 20 years professional experience, comprehensive certifications including ISO27001 Certified Lead Auditor.  Main Strengths: WAF, Cloud Security, Pentesting, Firewalls, SAST/DAST, OWASP, Application Security  Specialties: CISSP, CISM, CISA, CCSP, CCNP, MCSE, MCAD, MASD, RHCE, Certified Ethical Hacker, Licensed Penetration Tester, CCSE Juniper Networks Certified Internet Specialist
Passionate Network and Systems Professional who excels at preventing and solving situations that threaten production environments in today’s fast and constantly evolving world with the following technical skill sets: Linux Distributions, Windows & Server Family, Network Troubleshooting, Scripting Languages, Log Auditing, Firewalls and VPNs, Systems Monitoring/Administration, Virtual Machines, SIEM Based tools, along with HIDS/NIDS Based Analyzing
Seasoned information technology and security professional with experience in systems/network administration, systems integration, vulnerability/patch management, change management, incident management and advanced topics such as packet analysis, intrusion detection/prevention, incident response/incident handling, systems hardening, event correlation, malware analysis, network forensics, vulnerability assessments, vulnerability management, penetration testing, data exfiltration/loss prevention, application security, and endpoint security.  Certifications: Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCITP) Red Hat Certified Systems Administrator (RHCSA) Splunk Certified Power User (SPCPU) Splunk Certified Administrator (SPCAD) GIAC Certified Enterprise Defender (GCED) GIAC Certified Penetration Tester (GPEN) Core Impact Certified Professional (CICP)
I am a full stack developer, I like solving technical problems with great teams. I'm interested in tackling the toughest problems and building robust, durable solutions.
👽
Technical Skills Java, Vue.js, Julia, Go (golang), Php, Ruby, C, R, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, jQuery, AJAX, REST API, Spring, Hibernate, Jersey & Jackson, AngularJS, Grunt, Gulp, BootStrap, JSON, MySQL, MongoDB, SOA, VMWare ESXi and APIs, Google Charts, High Charts, AWS, Git, CloudStack, Red Hat Cluster Suite, Ganglia, Hadoop, HBase, PUPPET, Heroku, Docker, New Relic, Android, iOS.  Operating Systems: Linux,Unix, Windows, Mac OS X. Installation: PXE, Kickstart. WebMail: Sendmail, Postfix. Network Services: SSH, DNS/BIND, NFS, NIS, DHCP, FTP, LDAP.  Experienced as a software developer and system analyst with expertise in web development. As a masters student, I worked as Research & Teaching Assistant and as Student Programmer.  I aim to work in a challenging environment where I would get an opportunity to solve real time problems and contribute to the growth of the company. My areas of interest are Mobile application development, Big Data analytic, Cloud/Distributed computing, Algorithm analysis & Data structures, and IT infrastructure services & solutions.
Specialties: Windows Server, Kali Linux, Offensive Security, Penetration Testing, Phishing, and Red Teaming.  MCSE: Server Infrastructure, MCSE: Private Cloud, MCITP: VA, MCSA Windows 2003, MCTS, MCP, Security+, VCP5, MCSA Windows 2012, Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Red Hat Certified Systems Administrator (RHCSA) on RHEL 6, Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), GIAC certified Incident Handler (GCIH), Offensive Security Wireless Professional (OSWP).  Amateur Radio Operator (Call Sign KK4YJT), Technician
I'm Vedachala, security researcher, student who completely hooked in to Information Security.   • Experience & Specialties : Web Application Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Web Development, Network Security Architecture, Linux administration, Training, Exploit Development, Reverse Engineering, Malware Analysis, Web Security, Computer Forensics, Social Engineering....  • Interests / Advice : Freelance Projects/Jobs related to Web Application Testing, Web Development, Start-up's, Penetration Testing, Network Security Penetration Testing, Database Security Etc...  •
Experienced Information Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Windows Server, Firewalls, Networking, Network Security, and Computer Security. Strong information technology professional with a Master of Computer Applications - MCA focused in Computer Technology/Computer Systems Technology from Jaipur National University, Jaipur.
Learning from errors to make it relatively safer.
Vivek Ramachandran is the Founder, CEO of Pentester Academy. We now train thousands of customers from government agencies, Fortune 500 companies, and smaller enterprises from over 90 countries. It has physical offices in Silicon Valley, USA, Singapore and Pune, Kolkata in India.  Vivek has been researching Wi-Fi security for over a decade. He discovered the Caffe Latte attack, broke WEP Cloaking, conceptualized enterprise Wi-Fi Backdoors, created Chellam (Wi-Fi Firewall), WiMonitor Enterprise (802.11ac monitoring), Chigula (Wi-Fi traffic analysis via SQL), Deceptacon (IoT Honeypots) and others. He is the author of multiple five star rated books on Wi-Fi security which have together sold over 20,000+ copies worldwide and have been translated to multiple languages.  He is a regular speaker/trainer at top security conferences such as Blackhat USA, Europe and Abu Dhabi, DEFCON, Brucon, HITB, Hacktivity and others. Vivek’s work on wireless security (Caffe Latte attack) has been quoted in BBC online, InfoWorld, MacWorld, The Register, IT World Canada and others.   In a past life, he was one of the programmers of the 802.1x protocol and Port Security in Cisco’s 6500 Catalyst series of switches. He was also one of the winners of the Microsoft Security Shootout contest held in India among a reported 65,000 participants. He has also published multiple research papers in the field of DDoS, ARP Spoofing Detection and Anomaly based Intrusion Detection Systems.
Rahul Singh is an Consultant, Trainer, Bug-hunter and Researcher. He has trained more than 5000+ students and professionals across India. He is also working with Overseas Cyber Security Cell having more than 500+ Hrs. of International Training experience in Africa. He is a EC-Council Certified Security Analyst (ECSA). He has spoken in many national and international conferences like DEFCON, HATCON, IIT - Delhi etc.. He is currently working as a Consultant at Ernst and Young LLP .The mainly key focus areas are cyber security, vulnerability assessment and penetration testing and security audit in government practice .He is enlisted in various Hall of Fame page of top MNC's like Google,Microsoft, Adobe, deutsche Telekom, Open Text, Eclipse, Magix etc.
Rohit is a technology enthusiast with over 9+ years of experience in hacking anything that runs on binaries and is on the ground.  He was featured in  50 Influential DevSecOps Professionals in 2019  by Peerlyst He also delivers one of the bestselling classes by NotSoSecure titled 'Application Security for Developers’.  He has also trained and spoken at premier security conferences like Blackhat,Nullcon and Global OWASP Appsec.  He also loves to reverse engineer binaries and mobile applications and find and exploit vulnerabilities in them.  He spends his free time learning new technologies, programming languages or maybe even tinkering with open source tools.
Experience in Information Security domain. Experienced in information security service areas – Application Security, Vulnerability Assessments,Network Assessments, Application Architecture Review and Penetration Testing. Experienced in security assessments of a wide variety of business applications.  Specialties - Security Assessment of Web Applications,  - Network Assessments & Penetration Testing - Vulnerability Assessment -Vulnerability Management.
- OSCE/OSCP certified, with keen interest in Offensive Security-Pentesting/Redteaming, Reverse Engineering, IOT/Hardware, Automation and ML  - Currently working as Principal Penetration Tester at Mercedes Benz R&D, India - Experience in Web and Infra Pentest, Reverse Engineering, Hardware Reversing and Automation - Good in C, Assembly(x86/64 and ARM), Python, Powershell, Bash, Php & more
• Computer Engineer Graduate specialized in IT Security, Information Security Engineer with over 6 years of work experience • Expertise in Penetration testing, Vulnerability Assessments of Network, web Application, Web Services, Mobile Application, Servers, Network & Security Devices, Wireless and IoT.
Aman Sachdev is an OSCP certified security researcher with special interest in network exploitation and web application security analysis. With over 6 years of on-field experience in Information Security, he has an experience of over 3000 hours of training in the information security space and has trained over 5000 individuals personally to date. With hands-on experience in cybersecurity auditing, secure code development training and carrying out VAPT exercises as a day job, he is a developer and bug hunter at night.  His student base ranges from personnel from the Indian Army, The Indian Navy, Intelligence Agencies, Special Task Forces, Criminal Investigation Departments of State Police, enterprise IT teams and engineering students among others.   He has been an active part of various Penetration – Testing Teams while testing the web, mobile and network infrastructures of numerous well-known organizations based out of India, Middle-East, Singapore, US and UK.   He has also found multiple security flaws on websites like Google, Facebook, EA, MIT, National Geography, Blackberry, Times of India, Snapdeal among others
I am cybersecurity expert/web penetration tester with proven result breadth and depth of knowledge, professional experience, and top of the line credentials directly related to the ﬁeld of expertise. Professional strengths include review and reporting of Service Provider performance including staﬀ utilization, knowledge management eﬀectiveness Teamwork.Just say it and your work will be done Always Ready To Learn
InfoSec Aspirant, Love Pwning Boxes. CTF player, Web Application Tester
Experienced Cyber Security Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the electrical and electronic manufacturing industry. Skilled in Penetration Testing, Cyber-security, Customer Service, Automation, and Teamwork. Strong professional with a B.Tech focused in Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering from SASTRA.
independent web Security researcher  #HOF Got bounty and appreciation for reporting a vulnerability in various application such as  Microsoft, Google,AT&T (Under Top 10), ESET, PayTM, Inflectra, Hostinger, Dutch  Government, +50 in Big giant companies.  Active Member in BugCrowd, HackerOne    Skilled in Python, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), PHP, C, and C++. Strong information technology
Being Cyber Security professional, I am always ready to take up new challenges for professional as well as for organizational growth. One who also possess blended knowledge in Network & Application Security, cloud security, Red teaming activities & assessments. I have worked on various security tools and frameworks (i.e., Qualysguard, Nessus, Empire, Burp Suite, Kali Linux, Acunetix, Sapphire, MITRE framework etc.). I also possess strong interpersonal skill and can easily adapt to new technologies to work in new environment.  Author at Hacking Articles . Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.
Experience in Vulnerability Management for Application, Infrastructure, Mobile Application. Penetration Testing for Application, Network and Infrastructure. Secure Code Review, Risk management and Compliance assessment.
An Information security professional having total of 5 years’ experience and specialized in Application's Penetration Testing and Vulnerability Assessment. I have rich experience in government, educational, healthcare and financial sector clients for their application vulnerability assessment/Penetration testing.  Skills • Application Security Practice Development (methodology, checklist, guidelines, whitepapers etc) • Manual/Automated Vulnerability Assessment as per OWASP Top10 • Penetration Testing • Vulnerability Research and Presentation • Threat modeling • Risk Assessment • Proposing Recommendations/Countermeasures • Various Tools (IBM Appscan, Accunetix,Sqlmap,,Burp proxy, Nmap, Ecomirage etc)   Specialties:Information Security, Web Application Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, SBI Compliance Audit, Mobile Application Security testing, Web services Security Testing,OWASP.
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Web Application VAPT, Burp Suit, OWASP, Nmap, SQLMap, ZAP and PL/SQL. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology - BTech focused in Computer Science from Amity Education Group.  I am EC-Council certified ethical hacker with sound knowledge of network protocols such as HTTP, FTP, DNS, IPsec, SSL, DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP suite, etc.  Proficient in the use of Kali Linux, Windows and its tools.
CCEH | Web Development | Cyber Security
An Independent Security Explorer with colossal skills in the field of cyber security,who always love to extend succour towards every individual. Being a techie artist with Burp Suite who is extremely curious about exploiting security vulnerabilities,Ardent about Offensive Bug Hunting
Roles and Responsibilities :  •	Real-time security incident monitoring and response using Arcsight. •	Analysing the security alerts and event information for all approved security feeds. •	Document incidents and log reviews to run the report. •	Investigate and positively identify anomalous events that are detected by security devices. •	Worked on security analysis tools like Wireshark. •	Responding to tickets, emails and requests. •	Participate in weekly meetings like weekly ticket review, attending in house process related training. •	Ability to write concise reports based on security event analysis. •	Keep a track on latest threats and vulnerabilities.
I have around 4 years of experience in the cyber security domain. My areas of expertise include Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing, Web application, Network, android & Ios penetration testing, Black box/White box testing, grey box testing IT Security Audit, Risk Assessment based on the OWASP.  In my spare time, I participate in bug bounty programs to help companies improve their security by finding and reporting security vulnerabilities to them.  Twitter: @ChavdaZeel
{€∆  ∆||€   |<€¥
Experienced Security Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in networking , Penetration Testing, SQL, Linux, and Java. Strong information technology professional with a Master's degree (MCA) focused in Information Technology from Government College, Dharamashala.
A renowned international speaker & cyber security consultant with 14 years of experience in pen testing, ethical hacking, vulnerability assessment & cyber forensics. He has visited around 35 countries and delivered many international trainings.   He Works closely with Potential employers which include government agencies, cyber crime wing, police department, IT services companies, professional services firms, financial institutions and cybersecurity consulting firms.  He is Adept in Performing a variety of highly technical analyses and procedures dealing with the collection, processing, preservation, analysis, and presentation of cyber crime evidence.
Love creating and breaking things in ethical way. Achieved OSCP and next target is OSCE & CRTP, meanwhile trying to hunt some bounties.
I have around 3 years of experience in multiple deciplines of cybersecurity with area of proficiency in infra and network penetration testing and application security testing. I am a computer science graduate and also possesses several industry recognized certificates such as Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), Certified Application SEcurity Engineer Java (CASE Java), Certified Application SEcurity Engineer .Net (CASE .Net) and Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH).  In my professional career, I have been a key part of various vulnerability assessment and penetration testing assessments projects. I am a hobbyist pentester and is very active in Hack the Box and CTF challenges. The challenges and niche skills required for this job keeps me motivated to try harder and become better. Always a learner who loves to break security to make it more secure. Apart from this I have been an active speaker in local security conferences/meetups like ISACA IT audit and cybersecurity conclave, Google DevFest and Redteam security summit.
Received training for CEH, ECSA, CCNA under EC-Council recognized C | EH Advisory Board Member.
Experienced Information Security Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Security tools and Security services. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Technology focused in Computer Science & Engineering from Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam Technical University.
Experienced Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Ethical Hacking, Information Security, Python (Programming Language), Penetration Testing, and Red Teaming. Very Good Hands of Experience in Application Penetration Testing (Web/Android). Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Engineering - BE in Mechanical Engineering from Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University, Aurangabad.
█►  whαt’s up, í’m sαnчαm chαwlα.    I am Cyber Security Enthusiast with 3.5+ years of experience in Web / Mobile / Network / Web Services / Thick client / Cloud Assessment and Penetration Testing.  I just love Hacking and Breaking The Rules, but don't get me wrong as i said i am an ethical hacker. I'm passionate about cyber security...! Apart from Professional Experience , have a passion and diligence for finding new Vulnerabilities, Participate in CTF, Hack The Box machines to learn something new. Also i am a Bug bounty hunter, I hunt bugs in to reputed websites for fun and learn. Information Security is my Obsession and Google is my best friend :) I am always eager to learn new Technologies to update my skills and knowledge. I like to help people Both on a Professional and Personal way.  ĸey ιnтereѕт:   ✔weв applιcaтιon peneтraтιon тeѕтιng (wapт) ✔мoвιle applιcaтιon peneтraтιon тeѕтιng (мapт) ✔neтworĸ peneтraтιon тeѕтιng (npт)  ✔vυlneraвιlтιy aѕѕeѕѕмenт and peneтraтιon тeѕтιng (vapт) ✔vυlneraвιlιтy ѕcannιng ✔мonιтorιng and deтecтιon  ✔pcι-dѕѕ  ✔тнιcĸ clιenт ѕecυrιтy aѕѕeѕѕмenт  ✔вυg вoυnтy нυnтιng  ✔creaтιng cнecĸlιѕтѕ ғor vυlneraвιlιтy aѕѕeѕѕмenт  ✔ѕocιal engιneerιng  ✔operaтιng ѕyѕтeм нardenιng  → ѕecυre тнeѕe weвѕιтeѕ, вy reporтιng vυlneraвιlιтιeѕ :-   1. Google 2. Microsoft  3. Sony 4. Lenovo  5. Tilburg University 6. ιnтel  7. Sнopclυeѕ  8. Achmea  9. Dυтcн governмenт (Swag) 10. Erasmus University (Swag) 11. University Of Twente 12. Caffeine 13. Hubspot 14. BASF 15. Fdmediagroep 16. United Nation 17. Intrasurance 18. SURF 19. VU University Amsterdam 20. Pcextreme 21. Ivanti 22. Powerassit 
Arunkumar R is a 21 years old professional Security Researcher working as an Associate Security Engineer at Auriseg Consulting Private Ltd. He is a Mechanical engineer, Graduated From the Jeppiaar Institute of Technology. During Is college days he was an active IEEE member and attended a lot of events around the nation and learned more about the recent technologies and inspired more about the computer technologies, hardware, and software, etc., which leads him to find a path in Information Security. With having basic Knowledge in Computer science, He has got placed in the cybersecurity domain during his college time. And through the 6-month intern program in application security, he Got knowledge in Cybersecurity. and now he is 1.5 years experience in this domain and He has most interested to do public speaking regarding the recent threats and He has given a webinar about the recent trend in cybersecurity and threats to the college students of IEEE Kerala Section and he is always open to educating the people to come over and secure them this kind of threats, Now he is doing researching the Web application  Security and Educating the students who want to move their career in cybersecurity.
Enthusiastic and eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear understanding of computer security and scripting and training in penetration testing. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in cyber security.
•	Working at Evosys Global Having Good Knowledge & Experience in •	Oracle BI report tools •	Oracle Fusion ERP (Finance, Supply Chain, Human Capital)  •	Database Developer (SQL) •	Web Pen-Tester •	Cyber Security •	Website Development •	Software & Application development
I don't deserve this
Currently working with Cornerstone ondemand as Security Engineer, Preciously working as Information Security Specialist at Reliance industies limited and as a Security Analyst at Paladion Networks. whose qualifications include a Bachelor's Degree in Electronics and Telecommunications and over 4.7 years of expertise in security domain hands-on VAPT, web application security testing, Mobile security testing,thick client, web services testing, threat modelling, cloud security and DevSecOps also with security Certifications like CEH, ECSA and AWS Cloud training’s and certificates. Also having detailed knowledge of Web Application attacks, Network Layer Attacks, Mobile Application Attacks , Web services attacks, Thick client attacks and Latest security tools and best practices. # security blogger
Experienced Web And Network Security Engineer and a penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in the web development and IT services idustry. Skilled in BurpSuite , Nmap , Kali Linux , Malware Analysis , OWASP top 10 and scripting languages
CEH, LPT, CCNA, MSCA & WINDOWS CERTIFIED My area of expertise includes Vulnerability Assessment, Information Security Audits, Penetration Testing, Ethical Hacking
✓ Support company-wide Information Security Assurance and Application Security programs. ✓ Collaborate with application development teams to build Security Dev. Ops program. ✓ Perform web and mobile application security assessments. ✓ Collaborate within Global Information Security, IT and lines of business to assess risk and drive appropriate resulting actions. ✓ 7+ years of experience in design, development, and implementation of a variety of software applications in Microsoft .NET technology. ✓ Well versed with cross-cultural communication, collaboration problem-solving skills and strong attention to detail and focus on task completion. ✓ Quick Learner.
cyber Security  | CEH v10 | Networking pentester | Web pentester
With comprehensive experience in Cyber Security, Ethical Hacking, VAPT and Security Consultancy, I aim to bring my experience and knowledge to all professionals in this field. I am a certified ISO 27001:2013 Lead Auditor. I have tested over 100 web and mobile applications. I have experience with compliances like ISO 27001, GDPR and PCI DSS.   My areas of interest include Web and Mobile App Pentesting, Dark Web Intelligence, Cryptography, Enterprise Security, Network Security, ISO Standards and GDPR
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in CompTIA Network+, Networking, HTML, Adobe Photoshop, and Ethical Hacking. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from Jagannat Institute of Engineering & Technology, Cuttack, Odisha.
Cybersecurity Professional with hands-on experience in the field of Network Security, Application security, Infrastructure pentesting & Python development. Passionate in hunting for bugs and vulnerabilities . Currently employed as Cybersecurity Analyst at RedTeam Cybersecurity Labs LLP, Calicut.
Penetration tester with over 6+years of Information security experience.   Specialties include Application penetration testing, Network penetration testing, Vulnerability assessments, Threat modeling and Red Teaming.
Experienced Web Application Security Engineer with a deep focus on penetration testing and security assessment.Self aspired Information Security Practitioner currently working as a Consultant in Bangalore based firm.  Areas of Interest:-  •Web Application Penetration Testing : Black/Gray/White Box •Penetration Testing and Security Vulnerability hunting •Wireless Pen-testing •Mobile Application Security Testing (Android and IOS) •Network Penetration Testing •Exploitation  •Security Research •Network and Server Hardening •Creating Pen-testing Tools or Automating Task  My responsibilities in current organisation are not limited to but includes,  • Host Network and Service Enumeration  • Blind Web, Network, Application Assessment  • Trusted Web, Network, Application Assessment  • Automated Security Scans  • Manual Vulnerability Reproduction and exploitation  • Penetration, Bypassing • Web Application Assessment • Mobile Application Security (Android & IOS)  ►Technologies:  Application Security (WAF), Log Analysis  ►Attack Vectors:  Social Engineering, Code Injections (SQLi, XSS, CSRF, RCE, LFI/RFI), Server Side & Client Side    attacks, Web App & OS Exploitation, A/V Evasion, Code obfuscation, Brute-Force, Wireless (Hacking), MITM, Denial of Service and more.  ►Debugging tools:  OllyDBG ,gdb  ►Scripting:  Python / BASH /  ►Systems: Linux (Ubuntu, Debian, RedHat, CentOS, BackBox, KALI, BT), ,Mac (El-Capitan,Yosemite,Sierra),Windows 10 ,WAF & IPS Systems: ModSecurity, Snort.  ►Commonly used Tools: Wireshark / Custom Python & Bash scripts / Nmap / Burp Suite / SQLMap  / Metasploit Framework / Acunetix / Hydra  / Ettercap  / Etherape
Experienced Information Technology Administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Windows Server, Penetration Testing, Kali Linux, Security, and System Administration. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Commerce - BCom focused in Information Technology from Daar Ul Rehmat Trusts A E Kalsekar Arts Science & Commerce.
Security Analyst with huge interest in modern technologies.   I aim to create a safer world tomorrow and contribute to global security and stability.
Curiosity is what drives any hacker. Hackers take great pride in finding things they are not supposed to find. In my case I have always been curious about how things work in this world. I think its almost an innate ability that hackers carry with them. I believe that one doesn't choose to be a hacker, it just happens when you wake up one day and realize that the entire world tries to control you in some form or the other with or without your consent and you are not ready to accept that. It's only a matter of time before you start asking questions and the answers are really hard to come by. Even if they come by from others, you ask yourself how much can you really trust them? Just because everyone else believes that something is right doesn't make it right. I live by that motto. I tend to verify things for myself and I think all the hackers out there live by a similar motto. For me, trust is the weakest link that exists in this world. Trusting others means you assume that when others are in control they will not betray you and get the better of you. So what do hackers do? They make sure that their trust is not betrayed by keeping an eye on what others are doing.   What you see is what you get  is a phrase that almost everyone is familiar with. But if you ask a hacker, he will tell you that there is very little or no truth to that. It is like a mask that is being presented to the world while all the details are hidden behind it.
 Hacking , the first thought that comes to everyone's mind is  It's illegal , isn't it? A passionate mind is suppressed by others not to be a part of it. Everyone thinks about the worst side of it but no one cares of patching it. For an ethical hacker the great challenge is not to hack someone but to explain others that the way he took is not illegal. The last thing that i found in this world is that none hacker is inferior not even a newbie, if you are expert in one thing the person sitting infront of you might be expert in other.
Information Security Consultant with  IT works experience of which last 6+ years have been in Information Security Consulting and IT Audit covering. Web Application Security Assessment, Network Security Assessment, and Network Configuration Review, Mobile Security assessment, Infosec Training, Infosec project's etc.
Cyber Enthusiast  Want to make India Digital But Cyber Secured!!
I have been a computer enthusiast, from my childhood. Worked with several different technologies. I have worked on several personal projects too. Currently I am working mostly on WebDev and Pentesting.
looking for a job in the cybersecurity domain as a pentester or security analyst and also familiar with networking. With good knowledge in Linux and its file system.
Professional courses : Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) RnS Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) RnS  Routing Protocols:  IPv4, TCP/IP, UDP, RIP, RIPv2, OSPF, EIGRP, MPLS, MPLS-TE, RSVP, LDP, ACLs, Redistribution, Metro-Ethernet, Frame-relay, NAT, NAT-PT, IPv6 (OSPF/v3, RIPng), Tunneling: (6 to 4, Manual, GRE, mGRE) BGP, DHCPv4/v6, CIDR, ARP, RARP, QoS (Policing/Shaping), Inter-VLAN Routing, L2/L3 Multicast, PIM, IGRP, L3 VPNs, EZ VPN, IPsec VPN, DMVPN.  Switching Protocols: VTP, VLAN, STP, RSTP, Ether channel, 802.1q, ISL, PVST+, MST, PAGP/LACP.  Security and Wireless Specifications: SSH, WPA/WPA2, WEP, DES, AES-128, MD5, SHA-1, SSL, WLAN, WiMax, ZigBee, WCDMA, GPRS, GPS, ,802.11n, 802.11ac, 802.11af,Metasploit, LTE,VoLTE.  Router Platforms: Cisco 2500, 2600, 2800, 3600, 3700, 7600.  Tools: Network simulator ns2,GNS3 ,Packet tracer,VMware, Wireshark,EVE-NG.  my project blog at ipnetworkings.blogspot.com
Potential to be one of the top tech Security Analyst / Engineer in the field of Cyber Security through my contributions to the society by encapsulating onion layer of security above all to protect them from recent threats with the help of skills and knowledge developed eventually in this field.   Highly skilled in Python and Java for automation of various tasks with knowledge of C as well. Demonstrated experience in Javascript and various Web Technologic Stack.   Ethical Hacking skillset for a mind like a Black Hat Hacker useful to protect and guard like a White Hat Hacker.
-Have been working as a Information Security consultant at eSec Forte technologies private limited.    -Experience in Web application pentesting
I have good knowledge on Cybersecurity and looking forward for opportunities to work with companies on Cybersecurity and gain industry level experience and I’m aspiring to become a Cybersecurity specialist.
The desire to achieve greater heights in Information Security industry Aiming for the challenging career, which provides an opportunity to display creativity and communication skills Committed to continual performance development in the workplace and eager to contribute to the organization’s goals and objective  PROFESSIONAL COURSES  •	Completed CEH V10 from Tech Marshals •	Completed Bug Bounty Exercises    PROFILE SUMMARY  •	Profound knowledge of Networking Security, Ethical Hacking, and Cyber Security. •	 All Vulnerability assessment and penetration testing VAPT including Physical VAPT. •	OWASP top ten attacks with their detection and preventions techniques. •	Sound knowledge in Metasploit Framework and Social Engineering. •	Hands on experience of security appliance like Firewalls •	Good practice to over WIN, and Linux. •	 System security and system Handing, Operating system login bypass. •	Found vulnerabilities in UBI soft and Privy     Tools Expertise  OS & Virtualization: Windows, Linux, KALI Linux| VMware, Virtual Box Web App Pen Testing: Burp suite, Acunetix, etc. Vulnerability Assessment & pen Testing: Nessus, Metasploit, Nmap, Kali Linux, etc.  Achievements  •	Found vulnerabilities in UBI soft and Privy
Yet another B.Tech student.  Software Developer, Penetration Tester, CTF player.   I admire the Python programing language and always trying to learn something exciting in it. Absolutely love the Flask micro-framework and have built numerous small and big projects with it, which can be found on my github.com/eshaan7.  Software development:  - GSoC'20 @ The Honeynet Project. Working on IntelOwl, an OSINT and threat intelligence gathering API.  - Past Fullstack Development Intern @ Posify.in - Skilled in Python, Linux, and Web Development (Angular, Flask, Django, Docker, Heroku, Ionic).   Cyber security:  - Given my experience with Python, I do alot of automation stuff in CTF competitions or in general. - Rank = Hacker @ HackTheBox.eu - Holds 12 certificates from PentesterLab (Web Security) - Freelance Security Content Writer @ WPsec.com - Core member at DEF CON NCR group (@DC91120) - Bug Hunter/Security researcher with multiple Hall of fames - CTF player @Abs0lut3Pwn4g3 CTF team; absolute mad lads tinkering with all domains CS.    Always looking for exciting opportunities in pentesting, SWE and research in Delhi/NCR or remote.
To have a challenging and rewarding career to produce time bound excellent results and also to be associated with a progressive organization that would give me a position to develop and hone my skills and abilities while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. I really like to do the job in cyber security field.
Cyber Security enthusiastic, Looking for good opportunity in Cyber Scurity.
Experienced in web applications security, Network security & mobile application security.  Experienced and Skilled with following security testing (VA/PT) activities.  1. Well knowledge of web application security assessment and application penetration testing. 2. Knowledge of Network Vulnerability Assessment and Network Penetration testing. 3. Experienced in mobile application testing of Android and iOS applications.
Particular Interests lie in the fields of Application Security,Web Application Firewall,Identity Access Management, Desktop Virtualization.Information Security, Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Web Application Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing, OWASP 10, Manual and automation Testing.
* Having experience of 2 years in Information security. * Experienced in performing the application security through automated and manual assessments approach which include vulnerability Management, penetration testing and remediation support
 A 5 yr boy who started hacking fb for chocolates with nokia keypad mobile 2700 classic.   GIVING UP is the birth of REGRET!!  ALWAYS BOUNCE BACK!  A tech geek explorer, he is both simple and complex. He is fond of painting and poetry and is an avid learner.He is a work in progress - a constantly self-correcting updating Book of Life.He always has a target to learn everyday something new and take new initiatives and put hands on newer developments
Listed Under Top 15 Security Researchers By NCIIPC 2020 Newsletter( Gov.Of India ) , Securing many institution like IITs , IIMs , NITs, DRDO and other Gov. Sectors & Many More
Enthusiastic, Continuous Learner and Passionate about Cyber Security  Hands-on experience in Advanced Persistence Threat Assessments (APT), Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing, Web Application Security Testing, Mobile Application Security Testing & Wireless Testing.  Hall of Fame from various Internet Giants like Microsoft, Asus, Nokia, Dell, lenovo, AT&T and others 50+ companies for finding Severe Bugs on their Products and Assets and reporting them legally.   Worked across multiple domains ranging from Financial services, Banking, Information Technology, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Telecommunication, etc.  Engaged as an on-site resource at multiple locations and have received appreciation from clients for supporting them in meeting their security objectives.  Conducted successful phishing campaigns for different organizations  Well acquainted with various automated and manual security testing methodologies  Areas of Interest in Cyber Security includes Hunting in Bug Bounty Programs and CTF's.  By the way am Mechanical Engineer as per Degree ;)
I got appreciated by Indian government, police departments, and many other institutes, universities, globally renounced IT firms, magazines, newspapers, etc. From the age of 19 started my career by learning numerous hacking techniques, presented a popular hack of GRUB in HATCon from where the journey started. After that a long series of vulnerability research started and is continue till now. This age includes some popular research I did in the field of IDS, AIDE, practically showcased collisions in MD5, Buffer overflows and many more which got published in various magazines like pentestmag, hackin9, e-forensics, SD Journal, hacker5 etc. Got invited to public conferences like DEFCon, TOORCon, OWASP, HATCon and many other universities and institutes as a guest speaker.   Core Competencies include:		 Information Assurance	 Vulnerability Evaluation Web Application Penetration Testing	 Network Penetration Testing Cryptanalysis  Linux Administration	 Wireless Security	 Exploit Research
Full Stack Web Developer || Ethical Hacker || SEO || YouTuber || Pentester || Digital Marketing || Microsoft Office || Kali Linux || C || Java || Python || Android || PHP || SAP || AWS Badges + Digital Credential || Content Writer || Graphic Design
Currently Pursuing Bachelor of Engineering in the field of Computer Science and Engineering.
Talented individual with Cloud Technology & information technology background, strong desire to grow technical skills, and ability to learn new technologies swiftly. Having 1 months digital marketing internship experience, great communication skills,  website designing skills , as well as high attention to detail.
Hello! I am Manikanta Simgamsetti, from Andhra Pradesh, India.  In my overall work experience, I performed Mobile and Web Application Penetration test within the parameters defined by rules of engagement coordinated with the client.  Area of Expertise: Web Application Penetration Testing (VA/PT) Mobile Application Penetration Testing (VA/PT) Network Penetration Testing (VA/PT)  Key responsibilities: Having good knowledge on reporting the findings of the entire assessment. Appropriate suggestions for security improvements. Good knowledge of the prioritizing bugs based on the exploit vector. Additional test cases preparation based on Business logic and up to date with the latest testing and ethical hacking methods. Ability to explain findings to non-technical professionals.  Key skills: Continuous learning and understanding Information security by participating in various CTF challenges. Good knowledge of the latest automation tools. Wireless testing and manual packet inspection. Able to work independently but also as part of a team Ability to scripting and programming to automate the routine tasks.  Professional Achievements: Submitted a Critical vulnerability to ITE&C Department, Government of Telangana about the T-Wallet Android App - 2018.
Top 50 InfoSec Blogs Digital Guardian Described by Digital Guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.   Top 100 Information Security Blogs for Data Security Professionals The Best Information Security blogs from thousands of top Information Security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week. information_security_blogs/   69 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading Information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. In an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. Anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.   10 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading This is our collection of important and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry’s top leaders.   The 150+ Most Influencial Blogs and content contributors in Infosec we analyzed more than 150 Blogs, Magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in The 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of IT security.  
A techie and crazy guy who loves computers, an enthusiastic in Cyber and Information Security. A super geek individual pursuing graduation, Also proficient in Cyber Security Domain, I have experience of 3 years as a Security Researcher in Cyber Domain.  Well versed with Hands on Experience in following domains :-    * Proficient in Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing (V.A.P.T) on Web Applications.     * Dexterous in Security Audits of Web Application.  * Experienced in Manual & Automation Web Applications Penetration Testing.     * Depth Knowledge About 90+ Web Security Issues (Web Vulnerabilities): Like Buffer overflow, Cross Site Scripting, Remote Code Execution, A1-Injections, Broken Link Hijacking, Session Fixation, Broken Authentication, Authentication Bypass, etc.     * Proficient in C++, Basics of C#, VB.NET & Vast Knowledge about  PHP, Python.  * Vast Experienced in Linux OS and also Proficient in another Operating System.    * Source Code Review - C++, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, ASP.NET, etc.
A Cyber Security professional, who is ready to take up new challenges for professionals as well as for organizational growth. I have significant knowledge in the IT security/Network security/Application Security domain and worked on various web security tools (i.e.,  Nmap, Metasploit Framework, Nessus Vulnerability Scanner, QualysGuard, Wireshark, etc.). I have strong interpersonal skills and can easily adapt to new technologies to work in a new environment.
As a Cyber Security student at UPES, Dehradun, I’m inspired by the oppurtunities and developments in the tech community and have been influenced by Cyber Security field in a big way. In fact, I’m that person who’s always eager to discuss or work on anything related to Cyber Security.  After I graduate in 2020, I want to work in IT Data Security because it would give me the chance to contribute in the field and gain some real life experience! I’m also obsessed with hardware and try my best to help people using my knowledge of hardware devices.   I welcome the chance to connect with you and talk more about hardware devices, IT Security or maybe grab a cup of coffee.
i am certified Ethical Hacker Experienced Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Log Management, McAfee Antivirus, ArcSight, Information Security Awareness, and Fireeye,insight vm, nessus, Strong information technology professional with a BTech - Bachelor of Technology focused in Electrical, Electronic and Communications Engineering Technology/Technician from sri chaitnya techincal campus of college and engineeeing.
Experienced Associate Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Bug Hunting, Pentesting Skills, Java, Digital Forensics, and Malware Analysis. BTech focused in Computer Science from KL University.
I am currently pursuing my bachelor's degree from University of Petroleum and Energy Studies, Dehradun. I am currently studying Cyber Security and Forensics, exploring the fields of Machine Learning, and aim to apply the combined potentials of Cyber Security and Machine Learning. Recently, I had an amazing experience at NullCon 2020 when my team secured 2nd position at SCADA CTF.  To know more about me, I am a Hack The Box and Try Hack Me player and a pentester in the making, I am also an officially Certified Ethical Hacker. I am also researching on ways to combine Cyber Security and Machine Learning to take advantage of the autonomy of machine learning and artificial intelligence so security is provided when needed.
Interested in Red Teaming activities; such as Penetration Testing over a network. Likes to solve algorithmic challenges on competitive programming platforms. Can average 100+ WPM in English on a QWERTY keyboard.
Cyber Security enthusiast | Active CTF player | Bounty Hunter
Myself Arindam Halder , having strong background in Computer Science, familiar with trending & most relevant skills along with depth knowledge of IT Industry.   I am a Bug Hunter by passion but also love Coding and Development.  My hunger for knowledge knows no bound. I am well versed in  C, C++, JAVA, Python, SQL, PHP, Java script and most web technologies.  Being a cyber security enthusiastic  and I would love to work in info-sec domain which is so cool. I am a keen listener thus making sure no details goes past me.  I have an insatiable thirst for knowledge and I understand that the world of technology is evolving rapidly, so self study is one of the only ways I can keep up with the world. I believe in team work and fast pace of learning.
carpe dium! Cybersecurity as professional,coder,youtuber and physics enthusiastic faith in only science
6.25 Years of experience in web application penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, secure code review and secure application development. Automation and development experience in Java and Python3.  I would like to work in a learning oriented environment. A place where process and policies are simple. A place where working is fun and people work together to make existing things better and simpler. I like taking ownership of assignments and want to work with freedom and choice. I want to explore and work in IOT, mobile, network penetration testing, Python and Linux related things.
web app pentester , finding vulnerability and exploits in webpage, bug bounty Hunter , cybersecurity talks and recruitment.  Anyone can contact me regarding cybersecurity issues and testing.  We hire cybersecurity enthusiast and train them to work on different domains from home this ensure the portability of the work and can show their skills to improve and to learn by work .
Highly motivated and Experienced in Network / Security Administrator to be a top performer by maintaining cutting edge skills and the latest Industry knowledge. Specialized in network monitoring security software installation and working to prevent cyber attacks especially in business and corporate settings  •	WireShark, NMIS, NMAP, SNMP,  •	AlienVault USM / NMIS / Splunk / Qradar  •	Carbon Black, QRadar, ZScaler  #BCA with 11 years Experience in Cyber Security Administration. Looking for a challenging environment.   # Focuses mainly on the one related to me as a vulnerability researcher, exploit developer, reverse engineer and IT-security Security in general. Specialized in CyberSecurity, Splunk, Pentesting, Malware analysis, Reverse engineering. #Interests: Besides working with IT-security, I also enjoy participating in competitions related to vulnerability research, exploit development, reverse-engineering, cryptography, forensics and other IT-security related skills in my spare time.
I am interested in hacking and computer security especially in Penetration Testing
Experienced technical support executive with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Currently working as an information security consultant with skillful knowledge in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing. Skilled in mobile application(Android and IOS) and web application security.
Developer | Pentester | Linux Enthusiast. Actively seeking Job opportunities and looking forward to having a great career in those areas.
Experienced Security Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Vulnerability Management, Networking, Application Security.
Experienced Owner with a demonstrated history of working in the security and investigations industry. Skilled in Penetration Testing, ECSA, Web Application Security, Networking, and Computer Security. Strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Technology - BTech focused in Electronic and Communications Engineering from Maharshi Dayanand University.
Believe in Hardworking - Bug Hunter at Sometime - Ethical Hacker - Love to play with RF  I'm a Quick Learner and Believe in learn from mistakes.I strongly feel that it will took me up 
CEH certified and Qualys PCI DSS Certified
Penetration testing (ethical hacking),freelance
Pentester having 6.5+ years of IT exp including 5.5+ years of experience in field of VAPT (Vulnerabiliy assessment and Penetration Testing) - Web App security / Network security - Kali Linux, OWASP, Qualys, BurpSuite, IBM Appscan, Nessus etc.
Always keen to learn. Area of interests: - Security assessment - Penetration testing  I have a burning curiosity to learn how things work. I am a self-learner and research-oriented person.
I am working as an Information Security Engineer in the application security as well as web security domain which includes manual and automated testing of products. I have been working in following areas: Application Security, Vulnerability Assessment, Penetration Testing, Network Assessment[Automated using [Nessus,Nexpose,Nmap], Web Services Security Testing[REST/SOAP], Web Application Security Testing, Mobile Application Security Testing[Automated,Manual], Static Code Analysis[Automated].  Applications: Assessed applications for issues surrounding Authentication, Authorization, User management, Session management, Data validation, including all common attacks such as SQL injection, Cross-site scripting, CSRF etc.  Conducting Penetration testing/Vulnerability Assessment of Web Applications[Banking/E-commerce/Hospitality/Finance], Mobile and Web Services[REST/SOAP], Network Scans[Internal/External].  Conducting risk assessment on found vulnerabilities.  Automated code scanning [Static Code Analysis using Checkmarx] and provide support on founded vulnerabilities.  Discussing report with client and providing fixes to identified vulnerabilities. Technique: I have been using different approaches to conduct security testing as per requirement: White, Gray and Black Box security testing using automated and manual assessments. Also, we are using security standards [OWASP TOP 10, SANS 25] to securing web-based applications.  Tools: Burp Suite, Metasploit, Sqlmap, Nmap, SSLyze, Openssl, SSLScan, DirBuster, Hxden, IBM AppScan [Standard/Enterprise], Nessus, Checkmarx, Acunetix, WebInspect, Netsparker, Nexpose, apktool, ADB, dex2jar, JD-GUI, MobSF etc.
Entrepreneur|Info Sec Analyst|Certified Ethical Hacker|Innovator|Young Scientist|Tech Savvy|Drones|Artificial Intelligence|Linux|Agricultural Enthusiast| Tech Farmer|Agri Tech|
I enjoy helping business professionals design websites that not only work for them but also rank well within local search results. Each and everyday users on significant search engines browse for information about products, services, and pretty much anything else that comes to mind. When I design websites, I focus on modern design, functionality, high powered features, and search engine optimization.
Experienced information security professional with focused experience in Web Application,Mobile Security, IoT Security ,Vulnerability assessment & penetration testing, Also with hands on experience with Network security, Cloud Security.  Leading experienced in the Red Team , conducting new campaign, Bypassing security controls, Windows Exploitation development , AD, Reverse engineering  Technically strong with good exposure to tools and frameworks like Nmap, Burp, Metasploit, Nessus, IBM appscan, Qualys, Core impact PT, Checkmarx, Fortify SCA  A good programming language exposure with Javascripts, Python , PHP
Security Researcher at Pentester Academy (and SecurityTube). Pentester Academy is a pioneer in online on-demand infosec training. We are mainly focused on doing cutting-edge research and convert it into highly efficient, structured content for our customers. We run online infosec subscription-based training at Pentester Academy  and certification based courses on SecurityTube Trainings. We also maintain world’s largest collection of security-related videos under the banner of SecurityTube (www.securitytube.net) which is freely accessible to the public. Our researchers regularly present their research and conduct trainings at world’s renowned security conferences like Blackhat, Defcon etc. In the past 7 years, we have trained over 9000 professionals from 90+ countries including enterprises such as IBM, Cisco Systems, New York Times, KPMG, PWC, HP, Sony, Deloitte etc. In addition to the online trainings, we also conduct in-person trainings for our premium customers around the globe on special requests.  Currently working on Malware Analysis and Memory forensics with Mr. Vivek Ramachandran. Other areas of interest are (but not limited to) Cryptography, WiFi Security, IoT Security and Startups.
Hi, I am a pre-final year student currently pursuing B.tech from computer science with the specialization in cloud computing and information security I am an infosec specialist in CyberOps Infosec which is one of the best cybersecurity agencies in India. I have received elite certification in the notes course of Information security - IV held by IIT Madras . My passion is ethical hacking and I have skills for ethical hacking
A steadfast and enthusiastic cybersecurity analyst with a year of experience in Penetration Testing and Vulnerability Assessment. My expertise lies in writing python scripts allied to customized manual penetration testing. Researching and deploying machine learning algorithms in Malware Detection.
• Certified Ethical Hacker(v9) • Worked on various security services like    -Network VAPT   -Cloud Security(AWS Security Fundamentals)   -IoT Security Assessment   -Web Application Security   -Dark Web Analysis   -Mobile Application PT (Android,iOS)   -Network Segmentation Penetration Testing   -Red Team attacks   -Active Directory Exploitation    -WiFi Penetration Testing and Audit   -Security Configuration Audit on AWS Servers,Cisco Switches and Routers. • Web Application Penetration Testing as per OWASP Standards • Penetration Testing / Vulnerability Assessment of the Networks & Systems • Hands on experience on Tools like:Burp Suite,Nessus,Metasploit,Nmap,Armitage,maltego etc.
Inclined towards projects with a creative edge to them. Planning to get a good job right after graduation.Perfectionist and highly dedicated at any project given. Undying hope for even the impossible.
A self-confident, bold and intellectual personality that always helps me to build career opportunities in the future. To act and contribute to the organization and my field of work.  A career in computer science and information technology where I can use my ambitious and hardworking nature to be a reliable asset. I need a platform where I can use my skills for self and company development.
Security Means The Measures Taken To Be Safe or Protected. I Am Passionate About Cyber Security to Make Digital World Secure |  - [HALL OF FAME ]Awards and recognition from many MNC Software Firms for being Provided Technical       inputs with Cyber security Domain. -  Vulnerability Assessment Web, Mobile and Network -  Web Application Penetration Testing -  Mobile Application Penetration Testing -  Performing Internal VAPT -  Secure Source Code Review
A Self-starter, highly motivated in Bug Bounty Hunting and Pentesting!!! Looking for my career in CyberSecurity.
I am a performance-focused Cyber security professional around 4 years of expertise knowledge in application security, risk assessment, validation of security test results, vulnerability resolution using Intrusion Detection Systems and other SIEM Tools such as IBM QRadar, LogRhythm & Splunk Enterprise. I involve in gamut of tasks by enhancing security operations functions, incident response time, and quality of analysing the incidents by constantly providing valuable feedback to the developers. I am also impeccable at Phishing attacks/Spam mails; documenting security records/escalating incidents including history and impact based on severity.  I ensure that the organization’s financial and personal information is not prone to theft by blocking intruders/Domains/bot IP addresses from accessing the proprietary data. I have robust exposure in analyzing and preventing the lossage of customer data by efficiently handling AWS (Amazon Web Services) cloud portal & VMware Cloud platform for alerts related to suspicious activity in the cloud environment.  I am adept at Data/System/Logs Analysis, Security Analysis, maintenance of Security Frameworks, preventing Hacker Intrusion, Service Management using Security management tools. Also excellent communicator across all hierarchical levels and team player with effective leadership, quick-learner with sound decision making, problem solving, and interpersonal skills, together with a bottom-line business focus and a results-driven “CAN DO” attitude individual.
Cyber Security Professional with 5+ years of experience in planning, coordinating, implementing & evaluating the effectiveness of the systems & information security required to accomplish organization projects.  Skills • Application Security Practice Development (methodology, checklist, guidelines, whitepapers etc) • Manual/Automated Vulnerability Assessment as per OWASP Top10 • Penetration Testing • Application Security Practice Development (methodology, checklist, guidelines, whitepapers etc) • Security testing of WEB-app, Mobile-app, web-service, thick-client applications. • vulnerability assessment and penetration testing of infrastructure. • Vulnerability Research and Presentation. • Risk Assessment • Proposing Recommendations/Countermeasures • Security tools: Well versed with most of the industry standards Open Source and commercial tools.   Specialties: Information Security, Web Application Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Mobile Application Security testing, Web services Security Testing, Thick-client security testing, Network penetration testing and DevSecOps.
Enthusiastic learner trying to explore more in cybersecurity field. Keen on learning different ways to exploit bugs. Skilled in  Bug Hunting , System Hacking ,Network Hacking,Website Hacking.Completed certification in Ethical Hacking,Bug hunting,Website Hacking&Penetration Testing.
Experienced Information Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Web application penetration testing, Mobile, API, and Thick Client Penetration Testing and also learning cloud services.  I am an active Security researcher at BugCrowd, HackerOne, and other platforms with multiple submissions and Hall of Fames by Nokia, Netflix, Lenovo, iRobot Technology.  Other Skills: - Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (VAPT) - Application Security (Web, Mobile, API, Web Services, Thick client ) - Network Security - Wireless Security Assessments - Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) - Automation
A Penetration Tester and a Security Researcher in various aspects of Information Security. I have a keen interest in the field of cyber security and I am really zestful and penchant about learning the same.
Cybersecurity Enthusiast who enjoy learning different aspects of Cybersecurity🧩 I play CTF's as my alias gk2savage, try pentesting machines on HTB and Vulnhub, linux fanboy and terminal fanatic(loves customizing my desktop), loves cryptography and currently studying about reverse engineering.
Seeking for new challenges in cyber security and penetration testing also interested in complete VAPT projects .
thanks for visiting my profile😀😀  htb username-- 0xprashant
Ethical hacker, pentester, and Scripter. Experienced Cyber Forensics Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python, Bash, Java, and JavaScript.  My area of expertise includes Vulnerability Assessment, Penetration Testing, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking and Cyber Law
.
HackUp Technology is set up by qualified professionals in the field of cyber security. With years of experience at various levels in the industry coupled with dedication and commitment we are able to offer the best in security related topics including ethical hacking, penetration testing and vulnerability assessment.  Our training division arms the prospective security specialist with the latest weapons to emerge victorious in the battle against hackers, intruders and other evil forces in the cyber world. Our services division offers penetration testing, evaluation of security preparedness, forensic investigation, monitoring your IT environment and source code review. In short you have the best of both worlds, namely, tools to prevent cyber crime and investigative procedures to book the criminal after the crime.
Looking for working opportunities in abroad.
CYBER SECURITY ANALYST, currently pursuing B.Tech from CSE at Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University (APJAKTU)
An information security enthusiast with over 6+ year’s total experience in VAPT, Red Team, Blue team, Incident Handling and Risk Assessment. I conduct Penetration Testing on systems, web applications and network devices, and Vulnerability Assessments on Wifi and mobile applications. Able to create custom payloads for penetration testing and have knowledge of Buffer Overflow attack. Also conduct Secure coding assessments using Checkmarx tool.  Handled couple of Red Team projects successfully by compromising Physical security & Network security, and gained server’s RDP and terminal access. Also have knowledge of security appliances such as firewalls, IDS/IPS, Web gateway and ArcSight SIEM tool to perform log analysis for incident handling, as a Blue team member. Area of interest includes Penetration testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Red Team Projects, Exploit development, R&D, Defense strategies and Reverse Engineering Malware Analysis.
Experienced web application Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in  Ethical Hacking, Bug hunting, Linux and Penetration Testing. Strong information technology professional with a ME focused in IT system and network security from GTUPGSCHOOL.
Experienced Penetration tester with a demonstrated history of working in various web based project and mobile applications. Skilled in Penetration Testing, Vulnerability assessment, vulnerability management, OWASP top 10. Knows various security tools. Security Test planning. Security Training. Strong quality assurance professional with a Bachelor of Engineering - BE focused in Computer Science from Techno India NJR Institute of Technology.
I have been learning Ethical Hacking/Cybersecurity since 2017 and currently working at Bug Bounty Hunting as Independent Researcher. Looking for a Job to enhance my skill and knowledge with InfoSec Companies.
A Cyber Security Evangelist has experience of more than 13+ years in Security Domain. Chairing and part of various Cyber Security Organizations. Chairman of National Information Security Council & Founder of Hackers Day. Chief Executive Officer & Chief Training Officer of CyberShristi Infosolutions Private Limited.
An Observer, Coder, Hacker and  A Developer pursing B.Tech (Computer Science & Engineering ) from Lovely Professional University. Expert in creative problem-solving, cyber security expert , Docker , Dev ops , Machine learning with A.I , CTF Player, Web penetration tester , Network penetration tester and more.  Founder: aliensamongus1.blogspot.com  Certification in CNSS and Certified Ethical hacker from ICSI and EC-Council University respectively. Having two more certifications in Digital forensic and Certified Forensic expert.  Has done many projects in the python, C and C++ language and in the field of Electrical and Electronics.  Like:- Electricity Bill, Toll Booth, Library Management System,School Management System, and Electricity Generator, Automatic Cycle,Line Following Robot etc.   Right now working on machine learning with A.I in a filed of Computer Vision. Trying to connect Machine learning with cyber security.   Has designed a few websites like:- Blood Donation, Hospital Care, Online Dating site by HTML5, CSS, JavaScript.   Cyber Security is a shared responsibility, and it boils down to this: in Cyber Security, the more systems we secure, the more secure we all are   Mail : rgyan619@gmail.com GitHub: github.com/rgyan619
Managing Director with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Management, Development, and Security Testing.   Looking for skilled resources. We at TechieFrogs provide corporate training for Students/Graduates with all kind of skill set industry required.
Cyber Security Expert, Penetration Tester,  Application Security,  Network Security , Network & Server Auditor, Vulnerability Assessor, Malware Analyst, Security Architect, DevSecOps, AWS, Azure, Security Code Reviewer, Red Teamer
Experienced Manager Corporate Strategy with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Computer Forensics, Forensic Toolkit (FTK), Social Engineering, Information Security, and Linux. Strong business development professional with a Master's degree focused in Digital Forensic and Cybercrime Analysis from Staffordshire University.
Cyber Security Instructor @RedTeam Academy, HackTheBox Player, Pentester
I'm a final year Computer Science student from Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham.  I have a keen interest in cybersecurity and computer networks. I love to write technical blogs as well.  I'm passionate about technology and can talk about it for hours.  When I'm not working, I'm a gastronomic traveller. I also read, swim and shoot photos.  Reach out to me at (+91) 8281776347 or navaneeths1301@gmail.com.
Cyber Security Enthusiast
Offensive Security Certified professional (OSCP) looking to make career in Penetration testing, Hacker rank on HackTheBox, and trying to explore Exploit writing.  
Experienced Digital forensic investigation and Information Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Cyber-security, Acunetix, PHP, Nessus, and OWASP,Autopsy,Encase. Strong information technology professional with a MCA focused in IT from Himalayas University .
Being a masterpiece in plethora of Linux Systems descending through ages, I have a deep insight into world of Information Security as well. These two skills go hand in hand. Also, being a skilled and vivid programmer greatly enriches my outreaching knowledge to the humanity, at large. Enthusiastic to take challenges, I always grow and evolve upto a remarkable height every adventurous errand. Till date, I have been authorized for many technically challenged works which were successfully implemented by me and this will be definitely continued.
To obtain a crowning status in the technological industry as an efficient certified ethical hacker
Penetration Tester, Bug Bounty Hunter, Ethical Hacker, Cyber Security Expert, Trainer, You tuber, social media influencer.He has Also a YouTube Channel name is “Pratech Tutorials” having more that 4k+ Subscribers. He has participated in many bug bounties program & Recognized by many Big Tech Companies like –NCIIPC-RVDP(Govt. of India) ,Dell, Nokia, Intel, Pinterest much more.
I am a undergraduate student at VIT Bhopal University pursuing my Btech degree in Computer Science Engineering specialization in Cybersecurity and Digital Forensic.I am passionate about learning new and interesting knowledge in Cybersecurity and Hacking field.I am very much interested in as Blockchain developer.As for now i am looking internship.
28+ years of experience in IT industry 11+ years of Wall Street (New York) IT Experience. Managed global data-centers hosting online low latency stock trading  websites Designed cyber security for infrastructure and applications connecting to NYSE, NASDAQ Designed Disaster Recovery global sites for 600+ servers online trading infrastructure Worked in Finance, Media and Manufacturing domains Expertise in technology Operations, Support, information security and Delivery Strong IT infrastructure Architecture and Cyber Security skills  Specialties: IT Security designing, planning, auditing IT Performance improvement and infrastructure monitoring solutions designing Disaster recovery planning and migration specialist Expertise in IT process automation to increase ROI (Returns On Investment) Expertise in outsourcing strategies and resource management Expertise in Virtualization of globally dispersed data center infrastructures Ethical Hacker and Certified Penetration Tester ISO 27001:2013 Certified Lead Auditor (IRCA, UK) ISO 22301:2012 Certified Lead Auditor (IRCA, UK) Certified GDPR Lead Implementor  Certified SCADA Penetration Tester
Experienced in application security testing, Penetration testing, Adversarial attack simulation, vulnerability assessment, Offensive cyber security, Internal Infrastructure security assessments and Red team assessments.  Founder of Red Team Village community Lead organizer of DEF CON Group Trivandrum  Intelligent automation of Penetration testing as well as vulnerability assessments  Cyber security researcher, Blogger and Public speaker.  Threat intelligence, malware analysis, bot hunting and CTF competitions as a hobby! Hacker by profession; Wanderlust by heart!
B.Tech in CS at BNCET ( AKTU ) Skilled in Python, Linux & Pentesting. Individual CTF Player Seeking for an Internship in Cybersecurity
A very passionate coder who desires to learn and explore technical and problem solving . Trying to acquire as many skills are possible.
Experienced as Senior Information Security Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the information Security Governance, Risk and compliance. Managing Business Continuity planning in disaster recovery scenarios. Skilled of Vulnerability Assessment and Penetrations Testing, CyberArk PIM, Banking Regulatory Reporting and Audit Compliance, Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Security Operations Center, and Enterprise security tools Implementation and Management. Strong consulting professional with a Master of Digital Forensic & information assurance focused in Digital Forensic from Gujarat Forensic Science University.
Spread awareness about cyber security and make internet a better place.
• Mobile App/Web App Pentesting • Infrastructure penetration testing • WiFi Pentesting • Config, Architecture review, Hardening    0x03lE3T
Author & Security Researcher at Hacking Articles (www.hackingarticles.in). EC-Council Certified CEH v10 & CHFI v9. Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.
Seeking for a role to contribute my pen-testing abilities with a mid-large size firm where I can contribute towards upcoming technology innovations and manage key projects that impact the organisation as well as broaden my scope of learning from the organisation’s team members.
Security Researcher at Hacking Articles (www.hackingarticles.in). Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   Top 50 InfoSec Blogs Digital Guardian Described by Digital Guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.   Top 100 Information Security Blogs for Data Security Professionals The Best Information Security blogs from thousands of top Information Security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week.  69 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading Information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. In an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. Anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.     10 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading This is our collection of important and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry’s top leaders. The 150+ Most Influencial Blogs and content contributors in Infosec we analyzed more than 150 Blogs, Magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in The 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of IT security. 
I m looking for an internship and want to work on live project in the field of cyber security and hacking. I want to be Cyber security expert and Ethical hacker and want to grow #Indian cyber army😎.
Experience working as Security Team Lead, Certified Ethical Hacker with full project life cycle of Security Analysis, Design, Security Assessments  and Documentation mainly in Web Application Security Testing and mobility applications.  Static Code review(SAST)- IBM Source code, HP Fortify, Checkmarx, Manual code review. Dynamic Testing(DAST)- IBM Appscan, HP webinspect, Qualys, Burp, Charles, OWASP ZAP Penetration testing on webapps Mobile Applications- Native, Hybrid( Device apps, Simulator/Emulator). Platform- Android, IOS, Windows. Performed Vulnerability Assessment, Configuration Audit, Linux systems, Iphone apps for Telecom Domain. Risk Management, Security Audits, Threat Modelling Performed Security Assessment for  Oracle Primavera Suites. Performed Security Assessment for MDM, IOS, Android, Windows Apps. Project Management, Security governance, Risk Management.
It's all about the dedication that you keep on learning. When you are interested in something, treat it like one and only option and go through it until you win.
Solution-driven professional excelling in highly collaborative work environment, finding solutions to challenges and focused on customer satisfaction. Proven experience developing consumer-focused web sites using HTML, CSS, JQuery, PHP and JavaScript. Experience building products for desktop, phone and mobile app users, meeting highest standards for web design, user experience, best practices, usability and speed. Responding to challenges by designing and developing solutions and building web applications aligned to customer's services. Translating solutions into code and working across many different APIs, third-party integrations and databases.
 Its our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.  ~ Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets An avid Potterhead, hailing from the Venice of the East, Udaipur, a city known for its lakes, palaces and royal heritage.  Professionally I am a QA Engineer, holding expertise in Web Security Testing (VAPT). Because of my interest in the field of Cyber Security, I also interned  at State Cyber Cell, Indore, which helped me develop my skills in Cyber Crime Investigation and Cyber Law. I also hold EC Council's Certification-CEH and CHFI.
Ethical Hacking |  Cyber security Enthusiast |  Bash Scripting
Awarded with Most Trusted Security Leader 2019 by Synack at RSA conference   Specialties: Information Security, Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessments, Exploit Writing, Reverse Engineer 
Breaking Security To Make It Safe ✌🏼
Making the best of Networking and Security.Creating Network Design Implementing it and performing Pentesting to get the Vulnerabilities out and fixed.
Admin at Hacking Articles (www.hackingarticles.in). Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   Top 50 InfoSec Blogs Digital Guardian Described by Digital Guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  Top 100 Information Security Blogs for Data Security Professionals The Best Information Security blogs from thousands of top Information Security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week.
information_security_blogs/   69 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading Information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. In an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. Anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.     10 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading This is our collection of important and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry’s top leaders. 
Author at Hacking Articles (www.hackingarticles.in). Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   Top 50 InfoSec Blogs Digital Guardian Described by Digital Guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders. top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  Top 100 Information Security Blogs for Data Security Professionals The Best Information Security blogs from thousands of top Information Security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week. information_security_blogs/   69 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading Information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. In an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. Anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.   10 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading This is our collection of important and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry’s top leaders. 
Penetration Tester at Amrita Cyber Security Research Labs for the last 4 years. In charge of Pentesting Amrita University's Internet facing websites in various languages and frameworks inc JBoss, NodeJs, Django, Flask, PHP, etc. Coordinator of india's first cyber security CTF competition for school students, junior.inctf.in, and conducts yearly cyber security awareness workshop CyberGurukulam. Member of India's first and highest rated ctf team, Team Bi0s. Successful bug bounties with Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Ebay, Github, Gitlab, etc. Have conducted web application security sessions for various bodies including IHRD, Kerala (TVM, 2015 & 2016), Ministry of Human Resource Development, Andhra Pradesh (2016), and various schools and colleges inc PSG College of Technology (Coimbatore, 2016), Sree Narayana Guru College, (Kochi, 2017), Amrita Vidyalayam Schools(2016) etc to name a few.  PS: This summary is outdated by 2 years and won't be updated anymore.
Pentester...right now an LCSP Soon be an OSCP Knowledge is like underwear it is useful to have it but not  necessary to show it off all the time...
I am currently 3rd year student at BCE Patna. Currently Studying python for everybody by Coursera. Make a project using Sqlite During course I also get support from great friend (Ajey,Manoj).
Author Hacking Articles (www.hackingarticles.in). Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   Top 50 InfoSec Blogs Digital Guardian Described by Digital Guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.    Top 100 Information Security Blogs for Data Security Professionals The Best Information Security blogs from thousands of top Information Security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week.    69 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading Information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. In an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. Anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.     10 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading This is our collection of important and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry’s top leaders.  The 150+ Most Influencial Blogs and content contributors in Infosec we analyzed more than 150 Blogs, Magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in The 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of IT security.
I am working at Pentester Academy as Research and development Intern. I have experience with building Automation Tools and scripts for penetration testing or red teaming purposes. I have worked on Blockchain to Build a proof of concept for command and control servers My certifications OSCP OSWE
Pentesting in Web Applications Front End web developer Python Programmer
Looking for a job. Skilled in Web Application Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing, Python, JavaScript,HTML,Networking,Cyber Security, Security Concept, Network Defence and Counter Measure. Strong engineering professional graduate from Center for Development of Advance Computing.
Experienced Co-Founder with a demonstrated history of working in the non-profit organization management industry. Skilled in Microsoft Word, Management, Continuous Improvement, Teamwork, and Leadership. Strong business development professional.
Masters student specialized in cybersecurity. Skilled in Kali Linux, Web Application Security, and Vulnerability Assessment, web development and python focused in Information Technology from Jain University
eJPT | Cyber Security Aspirant | CTF Player | HTB
I am Professional in Penetration Testing and Vulnerability Assessment. Anyone need to check their Networks, Systems & Database and Web Application to be free from Vulnerabilities please inbox me your details.  I will do Automated and Manual testing and will provide a detail report that includes Risk Description, Observation, remediation.  * Network Security Services * Web Application Pen-Testing Services * Computer/Mobile Forensic Investigation Services * Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing Services * Seminars/Work Shops/Corporate Training(India/Worldwide)
Interest in Ethical hacking & penetration testing
I am a veritable and experienced Cyber Security Professional with a demonstrated history of working in the IT industry. I also hold a master degree in cyber security. I have also done many researches works on Application security project, Vulnerability Assessment, Penetration Testing, Web Application Penetration Testing, Web Services Penetration Testing, Mobile Application Penetration Testing which are very helpful as they are so proactive.   Author at Hacking Articles (www.hackingarticles.in). Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.
IT experience with 1+ years of professional experience as a Penetration Tester. Now I’m the Certified Ethical Hacker, so I want to explore my knowledge in Cyber Security field, where my technical knowledge will expand by zettabytes and which will utilize the creativity, focus and discipline that I put into my work. I have been entrusted for handling the Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing for the organization as well as of Client projects. PROFESSIONAL SKILLS •	Web Application, Android Application Testing and Malware Analysis. •	Network Security Testing. •	Compliance Audit. •	Help plan and carry out an organization’s way of handling information security. •	Install and use of software such as firewall and data encryption program to protect sensitive information. •	Help computer users when they need to install or learn about new security product and procedure.
Have professional career of 7 years, with experience in IT Security field at Mid-Level Management. Worked in Data Leakage Prevention (DLP)technology, Web Application Firewall (WAF), Security operation center (SOC), SIEM, Application security testing (DAST), Vulnerability Assessment (VA), Penetration Testing (PT). Good customer relationship, facilitation, and organization skills Quick learner with outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills. Committed team member with interest to learn new skills and technologies.
A highly organized and enthusiastic individual looking for a responsible position to gain industrial experience. Passionate about Cyber Security in VAPT domain. Looking for a challenging role in a reputable organization to utilize my technical and management skills for the growth of organisation.
A security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Network pentesting, Ethical hacking, Web Applications security, Linux, Penetration Testing, python and bash.  Strong information technology professional with the prestigious Offensive security certified professional(OSCP). A regular bug bounty hunter and helped many companies in securing their applications through their bug bounty programs and responsible disclosures and named in their hall of fame. 
Experienced with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in HTML, Ethical Hacking, Security Consulting, Information Security, and Linux. Strong IT Security professional with a Master of Science (MSc) focused in Information Security from Royal Holloway, University of London.
Specialties:  Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing Red Teaming AD Infrastructure VAPT Configuration Audit Source Code Review  ASLC Exploit Development Linux Hardening  Languages Hands-on: Assembly, C, Python and Linux shell scripting  Sarang has over 10 years of experience helping organisations excel in the areas of Application Security, Architecture, Server, Network and Application VAPT. He has a proven record of successfully delivering security advisory services to Insurance, Government and Private sectors. - Proven experience in conducting VAPT and Red Teaming Assessments for mid - large scale organisations - Conducted over 100 Vulnerability Assessments and Penetration Tests for multiple Government and Private sector organisations - Conducted over 10 RTAs - Over 7 years of experience in Application Security, Coding, Scripting, Fuzzing, writing security tools as per requirements, including assessing IDS/IPS/Firewall bypassing techniques - Strong technical background in both applications and Infrastructure VAPT with experience in large and complex environments. Specialties: Application Security, Server Security, Network Security, Linux hardening, AD Infrastructure VAPT, Red Teaming, etc...
Keen technician and Pentester with experience of Web Application - API - Network Pentesting,  Forensics, and tools. Learning: Reverse Engineering, Red Teaming, Android & IOS Application Pentest. Computer Science Engineering, looking forward to using a creative approach to solve the problem.  I am a dependable person who is great at time management and always energetic and eager to learn new skills.
Result driven, insightful cybersecurity professional with technical and managerial intelligence, surpassing the years of experience.  I am an engineer currently working at a reputed cybersecurity consulting firm, alongside pursuing post graduation through distance education. My skills include VAPT, IT security audits, secure configuration review, forensics and project management demonstrated at clients across industry sectors. I hold 4 years of full-time corporate work experience, and have relevant industry reputed certifications. I am looking for senior level opportunities which complement my area of interest and expertise.
Senior Security Researcher at Pentester Academy and AttackDefense. Having 7+ years of experience in Network and Web Application Security. Previously worked with the state law enforcement agencies in the capacity of a Digital Forensics Investigator and was instrumental in solving IT fraud/crime cases.   Currently responsible for conducting all the PentesterAcademy.com certification exams. Also, working on Attackdefense.com - online browser based peneration testing labs, IoT and Active Directory projects.  I have managed developing and testing the Chigula (WiFi Forensics Framework) and Chellam (First pure WiFi Firewall) frameworks. Created and managed multiple projects like Vulnerable Web Application OSes, Vulnerable Router Project and Damn Vulnerable Wordpress. Presented/published work at Blackhat, Wireless Village, IoT village and Demo labs (DEFCON). Areas of interest include Forensics, WiFi and AD security, Network Anaylsis, Network and Web Pentesting.   Featured tools/talks: - VoIPShark: Open Source VoIP Analysis Platform (Defcon China 2019) - WiDy: WiFi 0wnage under $5 (Arsenal, Blackhat Asia 2017 and Demolabs, DEFCON 25) - IIDS: IoT Intrusion Detection System (IoT Village, DEFCON 25) - Wimonitor: OpenWRT package for remote sniffing (Demolabs, DEFCON 25) - Deceptacon: Deception in WiFi (Wireless Village, DEFCON 25) - VoIP Wireshark Attack-Defense Toolkit (Blackhat Asia 2019)
Currently pursuing CPTE(Certified Penetration Testing Expert) From Pristine InfoSolutions.
Programmer, Network Pentester, Gamer
Information Security Analyst whose qualifications includes detailed knowledge of security tools and technologies. Experience in Web security & system Malware, web malware , PHP development,kusto query language,correlation rule writing,thread hunting,mobile app security,web application security,working on  Microsoft threat protection team.Web malware researcher. Having detailed knowledge on OWAS top 10 for mobile,api,web. Having Reverse Engineering knowledge on android applications. Worked on Microsoft Advance threat protection, Office 365 security, Microsoft azure cloud security, Microsoft Defender.
Worked in malware analysis and have done static analysis ,dynamic analysis of malwares ,  memory forensics using volatility and rekall, memory imaging using different tools and techniques and also worked in Vulnerability Assessment and penetration testing, Open Source Intelligence gathering. Web Application security Auditing.
• Information Security Professional with 10+ years IT Security experience in executing Ethical Hacking and Information Security Consulting assignments. • CEH, OSCP Certified Professional • Active member of null Hyderabad chapter. • Vulnerability Research and Disclosure • Web Application Penetration Testing as per OWASP Standards • Penetration Testing / Vulnerability Assessment of the Networks & Systems
Life is full of struggle. Be strong and focus on ur aim. stay work hard and learn from things. Thing big... #ab
Cyber Security Professional with a strong interest and knowledge in OWASP Top 10, SANS 25, Ethical Hacking, Such as Web Application Pentesting, Android Application Pentesting, API Pentesting, Vulnerability Assessment, Code Review. Experience in scripting languages including Python and Bash. Excellent task management. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. Experience with security tools such as Kali Linux, Metasploit, and Burp Suite Pro. Proficient in translating information from technical to executive/management terminology.
Helping Many Students, Who are all Want to Become a Real Time Pentesing Experts | Vulnerability Assessment Penetration Tester, Network & Web Applications Security | Bug Bounty Hunter | Also Ethical Hacking Trainer
IT Professional passionate about developing and securing websites with deep interest in Development, Strategy Building, Research, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, and Network Security. I’m a self-motivated person and am an effective team player with a strong ability to multitask and resolve issues quickly. Open to new opportunities and challenges.
B.tech 4th year student  #ceh #JavaScript #python #pen testing #web penetration # vulnerability #bug_bounty
I believe my profile must show pride, not just proof and should tell a story and not a catalog ..   In short, I'm a technophile, designer & information security evangelist. I have exposure & experience in domains of Web Development, Graphic Designing, Social Media Marketing & Creative Writing.
Android Developer | Penetration Tester | Security Researcher currently working in Innefu Labs. Skilled in Android Application Development and Reversing. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology - BTech focused in Information Technology from Maharaja Surajmal Institute Of Technology.
scsachin007@gmail.com
:)
A career-oriented dynamic cybersecurity aspirant with knowledge on multiple areas in security domains like network security, web application security, and pen testing along with previous experience in the field of business development and manual testing. Currently, working with Xiarch as a Senior Analyst Consultant.  Worked as an on-site Consultant at multiple client locations to conduct various Web application Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing and, Secure Network Architecture Review as an individual contribution, manage and govern the team to ensure quality and adherence in the process. Specialties: Vulnerability Assessments, Forensic Investigation, Web Application Security Testing Penetration Testing, Network Security, Network Architecture Review, Device Configuration reviews, Wi-Fi penetration testing, Application security, Android Penetration Testing, freelance VAPT, CERT-In Empanelled test, Database security. Certified as CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker)
With around three years of experience in Information Security, Tanveer has held various roles in the industry including Info sec trainer, SOC Analyst, Security Analyst, and most recently, Security consultant(VAPT).  His approach to security emphasizes the need for offensive techniques to improve defensive capabilities.  Tools/devices Tanveer has used throughout his career: Offensive – Burp Suite Pro, AppSpider, Acunetix, Nikto, Medusa, John the Ripper, Nmap, Nexpose, Nessus, OWASP Zap, Metasploit, SQLMap, BeEF, OllyDbg, Immunity Debugger, among others. Defensive – Palo Alto Firewall, HP ArcSight, WireShark, Microsoft ATP, Qradar IBM, etc. Other – Development of various tools in Python for offensive, defensive, and operational automation.  Tanveer stays active in the community by attending OWASP, Null con among other conferences and trainings. He is currently working to obtain an OSCE through Offensive Security Cracking The Parameter (CTP) course. In addition, Tanveer advances his penetration testing skills by rooting Hack The Box and VulnHub VMs.  Goals: Red Teamer
Strong Leadership | Risk-Based Strategic Approach | Self-Motivated | Result-Oriented  - More than 15 years’ experience as Security Professional with strong expertise in securing Web Applications, Mobile app & APIs and Network Infrastructure. - Demonstrated expertise in establishing & implementing Information security program for an Indonesian Unicorn start-up with proven track record of no security breaches for consecutive 20 months. - Designed & implemented automated tool-based vulnerability management framework that continuously monitors & detects security threats & vulnerabilities. - Independent vulnerability researcher & well-known personality in Indian Security community specialized in discovering browser bugs and Bug Bounty hunter in past. Advisories:  Speaker & trainer at nullcon Goa 2013, Ground Zero Summit 2014 & c0c0n 2012, 2014. - Offensive Security certified Professional (OSCP). - Architected, developed, and released a learning platform and playground for web application client-side vulnerability exploitation - Bodhi 
Information Security is illusion & I'm Illusionist. 😎 Hacking is nothing more than nescience. 🤖
I am on a mission to help companies improve their security by finding and reporting security vulnerabilities to them and closely working with them until vulnerabilities/bugs are fixed.  ♦ Personal technical experience • Previously, I worked at NCC Group in their New York office with best security consultants in the world, where I worked on various penetration testing projects; which included application security, API security.   • I participate in bug bounty programs of Facebook, Google, Twitter, Snapchat, etc. and I consistently look up for new bugs. In this process as technology keeps progressing, I keep learning new techniques and new vulnerabilities and add it to my cavalry.  For Facebook Bug Bounty, I am actively reporting security issues to Facebook since 2014. For which I am listed on Facebook whitehat page  for 4 consecutive years i.e. 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017. I am successful in spotting 50+ valid security issues on Facebook. The most significant discoveries on Facebook were deleting any video from Facebook and another bug allowed me to use `Facebook Search` and extract private information related to pages, apps, games, etc. of any user. On HackerOne(bug bounty platform), I am successful in spotting over 150+ valid bugs on different programs. Programs on HackerOne include Slack, Snapchat, Square, Shopify, Twitter, Dropbox, etc.  ♦ Speaking • I was a speaker at Bugcrowd's LevelUp 0x02 Conference  - May 2018 (Online) • I was invited as a guest speaker at Freebuf's FIT Conference at Shanghai, China - Dec 2018 (1200+ attendees) • I was invited as a guest speaker at BountyCon by Facebook & Google at Facebook APAC HQ, Singapore - Mar 2019 • I spoke at BSides Ahmedabad, Ahmedabad, India - Nov 2019  ♦ How can I/we help you? I can help your company improve security by offering pentesting services. I/We specialize in the following: • Perform penetration testing and security review of web apps/mobile apps/web services/APIs • Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (VAPT) • Application Security (Web, Mobile, API) • Network Security • Research new vulnerabilities and keep organization protected.  Feel free to message me here or email me with your pentesting requirements at pranav@peritusinfosec.com.
I'm learning Every day, Bcz... I belivd tech is Damn loop#...     Learn by mistakes and practice, Not by Smpls and Exmpls !!... 
Pankaj is an Information Security enthusiast who has an overall experience of 2+ years in Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing space and has experience in Application Security Testing, Red Teaming, Code Reviews, etc. and skilled in multiple programming languages like Python, PHP, JavaScript, Bash, etc.  Pankaj is an OSCP certified security professional and can perform professional security tests and effectively communicate remediation steps to clients to help them prevent, detect, and respond to security threats. Also stays up-to-date with existing and latest technologies and generally spends time finding misconfigurations in web applications & open source projects.
l am a security Analyst and i done my training from Cyberops LLP Jaipur ,i achieve security certificate also i am a python developer,know java good in dbms , data structure , and Networking.
Interested in all kind of security related topics - reversing, obfuscation, exploitation, cryptography etc. Currently involved in mobile application security. I have been working to secure applications for various industries including fintech, banks and governments.
Programmer || Engineer CTF Player || White Hat Guy!
Technology enthusiast.  Always onboard to learn new things in the field of computer sciences. Exploring my potential in Cybersecurity and Machine Learning
Security Researcher at Pentester Academy (and SecurityTube). Pentester Academy is a pioneer in online on-demand infosec training. We are mainly focused on doing cutting-edge research and convert it into highly efficient, structured content for our customers. We run online infosec subscription-based training at Pentester Academy (www.pentesteracademy.com) and certification based courses on SecurityTube Trainings. We also maintain world’s largest collection of security-related videos under the banner of SecurityTube (www.securitytube.net) which is freely accessible to the public. Our researchers regularly present their research and conduct trainings at world’s renowned security conferences like Blackhat, Defcon etc. In the past 7 years, we have trained over 9000 professionals from 90+ countries including enterprises such as IBM, Cisco Systems, New York Times, KPMG, PWC, HP, Sony, Deloitte etc. In addition to the online trainings, we also conduct in-person trainings for our premium customers around the globe on special requests.  Currently working on Cloud security with Mr. Vivek Ramachandran. Other areas of interest are (but not limited to)  Malware Analysis, Cryptography, WiFi Security and Startups.
Currently working in vulnerability assessment, incident response, hunt and digital forensics engaging in some malware analysis and reverse engineering.  My hobbyist background and passion is in software vulnerability research and exploit development, familiar with a vast array of memory corruption vulnerability classes as well as exploit mitigation evasion strategies.  Exploit Development, proficient in the use of fuzzing tools and techniques such as gdb, Immunity Debugger, and GHIDRA to discover, validate, and develop zero-day exploits against both Windows and Linux applications. Familiar and well-practised in the use of egghunters, ASLR bypasses, stack pivots, long jumps, short jumps, Unicode and alphanumeric encoding as well as simple stack-smashing and multi-stage shellcode.
Actively looking for job opportunities in VAPT, Web Application Penetration Testing, Security Researchers, Security Analysts, Penetration Testing, Malware Analysts, or any Entry Level Role in Cyber Security Domain.   Currently Pursuing My Masters Degree in Cyber Security.  Currently Pursuing  Master Degree in Cyber-security  is powered by AforeCybersec in association with IBM. •	Basic Understanding of Security aspects. •	Basic knowledge on security audit process and SOP. •	Hands on experience on tools & technology: - Burp Suite, Encryption & decryption, clouds and          services, SQL injection, web application testing, vulnerabilities, security analysis etc. •	Basic programming on C, C++, Java, HTML and currently enrolled for learning Python. •	I am fast learner and adaptable to any new learning environment and willingness to learn new tools          and techniques with trending technology for my career and growth.
Ethical Hacker, Penetration Tester, Bug Hunter, Security Researcher, Blogger, FB page handler. Mahendra also have a Facebook Page which name is  Hacking Tutotrials:   having more than 1.6k+ Likes & Followers. Mahendra participated in many Responsible Disclosure & Bug Finding Programs & Recognized by Famous and multi-national Tech Companies like:- Dell, NCIIPC-RVDP(Gov. Of India), Huawei, Indeed, Nokia, Hackerearth, Boardgamegeek, Cybrary  and much more
Experienced Information | Cyber Security Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the IT Security and services industry. Skilled and have expertise in McAfee, CrowdStrike, Forcepoint, F-Secure, Sophos IT security solutions, EDR, DLP, CASB Windows Server, Networking, VMware vSphere, VMware ESXi,  and Endpoint Security Solution.
Hey There ,  I am a Second Year Student of Sharda University , pursuing B.tech In Computer Science specialized in Cyber Security and Forensics . I Am Proficient in C , C++ , Python , JAVA , Web Development , Web Application Penetration Testing .   I am a security Enthusiast who loves to talk about new technologies in trend
Final year Computer Science and Engineering student with effective knowledge in PenTesting/VAPT with extensive experience of online security packages and tools. I am actively looking for an opportunity as Penetration Tester/VAPT, Cyber Security Analyst, Security Analyst, System Administration.
I have a passion for working with the combination of hardware and software, with Cyber Security specifically on working with command line being my strongest interest. Having an ability to think creatively and strategically to penetrate security systems. Quick learner & highly energetic with a keen aptitude for learning and applying new knowledge resourcefully.
Akanksha Verma is an Information Security enthusiast who has an overall experience of 2+ years in Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing space and has experience in Application Security Testing and skilled in multiple programming languages like Python, PHP, Bash, etc.  Akanksha is author and creator of multiple CTF like machines published on Vulnhub and she is currently learning and focusing on secure code review. She is continuously working on empowering women in cybersecurity.
Nikhil Mittal is a hacker, infosec researcher, speaker and enthusiast. His area of interest includes penetration testing, attack research, defence strategies and post exploitation research. He has 10+ years of experience in Penetration Testing for his clients which include many global corporate giants. He is also a member of Red teams of selected clients.  He specializes in assessing security risks at secure environments that require novel attack vectors and  out of the box  approach. He has worked extensively on Active Directory attacks and bypassing detection mechanisms and Offensive PowerShell for red teaming. He is creator of Kautilya, a toolkit that makes it easy to use HIDs in penetration tests and Nishang, a post exploitation framework in PowerShell. In his spare time, Nikhil researches on new attack methodologies and updates his tools and frameworks.  Nikhil has held trainings and boot camps for various corporate clients (in US, Europe and SE Asia), and at the world’s top information security conferences.  He has spoken at conferences like Defcon, BlackHat, CanSecWest, BruCON, 44CON and more.
Who am I? By Profession: Red Teamer, Penetration Tester, Exploit Author, Malware Analyst and Bug Bounty Hunter By Education: Bachelor of CSE student  What do I do? At Day: Rainbow Six: Siege, CS:GO At Night: CTF, Wargames, Breaking boxes, Lurking in systems that I don't own technically but professionally  What have I done so far? 1. Got into  Security Hall of Fame  of some popular MNC's including but not limited to Microsoft, Facebook, Sony, Flipkart, Seagate, McAfee etc. 2.  Competed in almost 30 CTF's so far  What are things that I fancy doing? Lockpicking, exploring world (wanderlust), DIY stuff (I like breaking things, don't mind fixing though  LinkedIn: You're right there! Phone: It's quite easy to find or you can just ask me ;)
Hi, I am Nishant! I am a Cybersecurity Researcher and trainer, currently handling R&D at Pentester Academy. My employer is a Sequoia Surge funded company ( that trains security professionals on the art and science of defeating hackers and making the internet safer. Our current customers are Fortune 500 companies, universities, defense, and law enforcement agencies from 90+ countries.    After completing my master's degree in Information Security from IIIT Delhi, I joined Mojo Networks (acquired by Arista), provider of enterprise-grade WiFi IPS and Access points system. I learned about different aspects of WiFi security there while working on Access Point and WIPS features/bugs/enhancements.  After that, I joined Pentester Academy and currently heading the R&D team. I have also spoken/trained at Blackhat, DEF CON, HiTB, RootCon, OWASP NZ conferences for past few years.  Are you are interested in the continuous capability building (in cybersecurity) in your organization or knowing more about next-gen cybersecurity training labs? Let's talk: 
I’m a cyber security enthusiast  with 5 years of experience in Penetration testing of Web and mobile applications using different tools including Burp Suite, OWASP ZAP, Acunetix ,SQL Map,Androbugs,Genymotion and IBM Appscan.Expert in manually analyzing requests/responses, planning different attacks ,look for the common vulnerabilities, segregate false positives findings for the perfect results.In-depth knowledge on OWASP top 10 vulnerabilities and other  attacks.
Experienced security analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and service industry. Skilled in Dynamic (web) application security testing ,Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration testing,Web Service (APIs) Security testing,Thick Client and VDI (Citrix) penetration testing, Static(source code) assessment security testing.
Result-oriented Professional with 5 years’ experience in s/w development ,ERP Design and Implementation and support Certified Ethical Hacker. Excellent Business Analysis skillset and business acumen.  Post-graduate qualification in Technology Management.   Competencies: Golang,Core Java,Burpsuite,Nmap etc
 A focused IT security professional with more than 3 years of experience in IT and secure data processing /security printing industry.  A skilled professional currently working with Tata Technologies Ltd as Security Analyst with strong analytical, technical, and innovation skills to support and guard organizations against security breaches.  Proven ability to develop strong relationships across cultures and to provide decisive team leadership in a fast-paced environment.  Skilled in – application VAPT testing, deployment of security solutions, risk management and compliance.
independent penetration tester.
Guy having knowledge in Cyber security with keen interests in Penetration testing, Reverse Engineering.
I trust only Practical knowledge ,neither Theoratical. I dont care ,what people think about meeee....
I'm a cybersecurity CTF player, Full stack developer and deep learning ethusiast with an interest to learn things by doing it. Have a rank of Hacker on HackThebox.  Looking for job opportunities
We offer penetration testing and offensive vulnerability assessment services for our clients. You can try our free assessment before moving to a contract optionally! We have helped several renowned organisations secure their flaws through Bug Bounty programs like Google, Facebook, and more!  We also specialize in Domain Acquisition, Brokerage and Branding guidance. Domain names are the virtual real estate. We deal and focus on short, memorable and liquid names, Feel free to connect with you to discuss business opportunities. Some of our notable short domain name acquisitions: Eign.com | LoiQ.com
Certified Ethical Hacker / Pentester / Web Development / Mobile Application Development / Web Application Development / Team leadership / Video Editor / Events Planner / Photography / Cyber Security / Computer Network / Kali Linux Master / Social media marketing / Digital marketing / affiliate marking
Doing a major in Electronics and Communication from Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University   I have studied languages such as C/C++, Python(intermediate) and Kali Linux(Advanced). Machine Learninig(Intermediate). Currently working as a penetration Tester at Hackthebox! Hacker at HacktheBox.eu     I'm efficient in my work and can easily juggle large numbers easily!
With a lot of passion for cybersecurity from the kid, I started to learn penetration testing from a remote village without the internet! Slowly with persistence, I pursued OSCP and started to learn Red Teaming. Now I’m doing Red Team engagements successfully for various clients around the globe and helping them to fix their security gaps.  I've expertise with the following exercises which helped many organizations across the globe,    i) Red Teaming   ii) Advanced Persistent Threat  iii) Network Penetration Test  iv) Web Application Penetration Test   v) Mobile Application Penetration Test  vi) Wireless Penetration Test vii) Source Code Audit viii) Open Source Intelligence Gathering (OSINT)
8+ years of freelancing experience as a Business Constant with a strong knowledge of - ° Businesses Strategy ° Business Branding ° Product Promotion ° Public Speaking ° Sales and Marketing ° Digital Marketing + Advertising ° Event Management & Photography ° Web Engineering - Full Stack Developer ° Cyber Security - Penetration Testing ° Cyber Forensic - Computer Hacking Forensic Investigator  Currently Hiring Freelancing Online Bidders - Business Developers.  Inbox Your CV, Contact Details, Present Salary & Expected Fixed Salary/Fixed Commission to get started.
HI Iam a Seo and one of main  provider of smm services , a digital marketer ,bugbounter, CYBERSECURITY student , learning new things day by day
CEHV9, OSCP Hall of Fame: Google, Sony, Microsoft, Nokia, Opera, Asus, Shopclues, Deutsche Telekom, Hubspot, Pinterest, Kenna Security, Volusion, Freelancer, utwente and many more.
IT Professional with strong interest in ethical hacking, penetration testing, vulnerability analysis, and network security. Experienced and skilled in Cyber Security, website development, WAPT. Hard-working, energetic, personable, and technical-minded individual, passionate about Public Speaking, human psychology. Possess exceptional communication skills with strong ability to multitask and resolve issues quickly.
The best qualities of mine is that I am dedicated to my work my responsibilities and always enthusiastic to learn new things
Passionate cyber security researcher. Experiences with analyzing cyber threats, finding bug in web application , Android application , vulnerability assessment and pentesting.  experience:  web application and network  pentesting, Mobile pentesting, Malware analysis, virtualization.
Ever since I was a kid I was fascinated by computers and how computers work, I wanted to know ins and outs everything and that got me started in the computer science field. I did my graduation and now I'm pursuing masters in cyber law and information technology and day by day I'm getting better. I aspire to be a pentester and putting all the work in it.
Experienced Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the Information technology and services industry.  Skilled in Web Application Security, Computer Networking,  Thick Clients Penetration Testing and ITIL Service Management .
A young penetration tester who is a cybersecurity geek and a Redteamer. Currently at the 'prohacker' rank @hackthebox pentest labs. Has a YouTube channel where I post tutorials on Android exploitation, Web application exploitation and Privilege escalation. I am also basic python scripter, currently learning buffer overflow exploit development and  Active directory exploitation.
Web Application & Android/iOS Penetration Tester   Just One Think. Ask To Your Self, Who Am I ?
I completed my internships in Networking R & S Iso certification and also completed my internships in SOC Cybersecurity and completed my training in Ethical Hacking and Penetration testing and web development Android development and mobile security and VAPT
A Process-oriented, seasoned cyber Security professional,Information risk management, business requirements development, and security policy lifecycle management. I'm smart working Security Researcher & Analyst, with experience in various aspects of Cyber Security. I'm eminent and qualified with the ability to bridge the knowledge and common platform gap between the Underground Hackers, Security Researcher and law enforcement through various projects. My efforts are supported and endorsed by administrators and members of various underground hacking groups, Security Researcher and communities worldwide.
Tarun currently  works as a Cyber Security Analyst for Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. He is pursuing his passion for Cyber Security. His research areas include network and web application offensive security. He is mainly into red team activities. He is also directly involved with clients right  from effort estimation to status closure.   He is one of the recognized RVDP contributor of NCIIPC( A Unit of NTRO), Government of India 🇮🇳. He was invited for an elite C-Suite cybersecurity conference RVDP Convention 2019 by  National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre  (NCIIPC). He was also invited for FOSSASIA Summit 2019, Asia's premier open technology event, held in Singapore. He was one of the finalist for HackQuest 2.0, an Ethical Hacking competition conducted by Tata Consultancy Services Ltd., as an initiative to hire the best infosec minds right out from the University.  Apart from these he received various other accolades for his remarkable performance in competitive coding.   Tarun is highly skilled in networking and penetration testing. He loves experimenting and breaking stuff and at times puts them back together well, which range from computer games, apps, websites to mobiles, remote controllers and other hardware stuff.   He is certified in ethical hacking (CEH) as well as CCNA (Routing & Switching) certification. He was selected by Cisco for it's  Global Cyber Scholarship Program  under which he was completely sponsored and supported by Cisco for getting trained and achieving Cisco's CCNA CyberOps certification.    He loves to share his knowledge with everyone on Medium and Quora.  Apart from security and networking, he has a thing for programming and IoT. He also loves to read books and play games.
Seeking entry level assignments in Network Security, Application Development & Programming with a growth-oriented organization.
Certified Ethical Hacker  Penetration Tester (Website & Network) Cyber Security Specialist
Experienced Cyber Security Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in Cloud,Web Hosting and retail industry. Strong information technology professional skilled in Web Application/Network - Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing.
Hi, I'm babashaheer Ethical hacker by passion and Security consultant by profession. I always believe in testing my mind and body for human endurance. This exploration has catalyzed my efficiency linearly. Thus I have exercised to, Never give up . My parents have always inculcated a thought ,  To reach an extra mile we need to invest more energy levels .
Acknowled by OnePlus , Dell , MasterCard , American Express , NCIIPC And many more.  Bug Hunter | Security Analyst | Network Pentesting  Instagram and Twitter  : @shreyasrx
OSCP certified Security Consultant skilled in  Penetration Testing of Web Applications, Thick Client applications, Mobile Applications (Android and iOS) and Network.  Familiarity with Threat Modelling and have worked with Docker containers.
Currently working in Cybersecurity field with technical knowledge of vulnerabilities,their exploits and mitigations also a experienced Business Development with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry.
Security Researcher at Hacking Articles (www.hackingarticles.in). Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.  Top 50 InfoSec Blogs Digital Guardian Described by Digital Guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.  blog/top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  Top 100 Information Security Blogs for Data Security Professionals The Best Information Security blogs from thousands of top Information Security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week. information_security_blogs/  69 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading Information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. In an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. Anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.   10 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading This is our collection of important and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry’s top leaders.   The 150+ Most Influencial Blogs and content contributors in Infosec we analyzed more than 150 Blogs, Magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in The 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of IT security. 
Experienced Security Researcher and database programmer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Penetration Testing, Red Team, Oracle Database, Data Analysis, Ethical Hacking, and Vulnerability Assessment. Strong information technology professional with a Doctor of Philosophy - Ph.D. focused in Computer Science and Database Management from RTMNU, Nagpur. specializes in assessing security risks at secure environments that require novel attack vectors and  out of the box  approach. Worked extensively on Active Directory attacks and bypassing detection mechanisms and Offensive PowerShell for red teaming. Interested in new attack methodologies, tools and frameworks. Superior capacity to solve complex problems involving a wide variety of information systems, work independently on large-scale projects, and thrive under pressure in fast-paced environments while directing multiple projects from concept to implementation.
Security Engineer with 5+ years of experience in information security.  Skilled in DevSecOps, Red Teaming and Threat Simulation, Internal and External Network Penetration Testing, Application Security Testing, API Security Testing, Database, Server, and Secure Network Configuration Reviews.  Below are, a few of the my responsibilities  and deliverable in last 5 Years: Conduct Penetration testing of Web Applications, Web Services and It's cloud environments. Develop PoC/exploits for vulnerabilities identified. Provide remediation guidance to identified vulnerabilities. Solve complex vulnerabilities such as business logic flaws and articulate to both technical and non-technical partners. Responsible for the technical execution and the quality of the deliverables for the engagements. Secure Source Code analysis. Integration of security tools in the CI/CD pipelines. Perform Mobile application security assessment. Conduct application risk assessment / application control review. Conduct network penetration testing, system vulnerability assessment & security configuration review. Design, create, recognize and safely utilize attacker tools, tactics, and procedures. Effectively communicate findings and strategy to client stakeholders including technical staff, executive leadership, and legal counsel. Develop scripts, tools, or methodologies to enhance existing team processes. Leading engagements with Security & Engineering teams from kick-off through remediation, and mentoring less experienced team mates. Involvement in application architecture understanding, threat identification, vulnerability identification and control analysis. Ensure completion of project on time, co-ordination for pre-requisites, tracking delays, etc Give seminars for security awareness to client employees.
Computer Engineering Student | CTF Player | Bug Hunter | Cyber Security Enthusiastic
Highly self motivated, hard working individual with strong passion towards Information Security.  And very much interested in Computer & Network Security and Web application testing.
I have 3+ years of experience in followings:   Source Code review  Penetration Testing Web application pen-testing Network and Server pen-testing AWS and Azure penetration testing  Mobile Applications( iOS and Android) Pen-testing    I have performed pen-testing for more than 150 websites, 20+ mobile devices.   In spite of Approx 2 year experience in NOC department in Ericsson Global Pvt.ltd  , Keen knowledge in Network  and Ericsson AXE  , like Citrix XenApp, Citrix XenServer.
•	Cybersecurity Engineer with 3.6 + years’ experience in web and network penetration testing •	Certified Ethical Hacker •	Experience in handling Information Security tasks independently for the clients. •	Good knowledge on tools like burp suite, IBM Appscan, Qualys, and Nessus. •	OWASP top 10, SANS 25 •	Conducted security assessments for web applications for a wide variety of business applications . •       Conducted Infrastructure Security Assessment for Various Clients.
Information Security Professional in the field of Information Security, Risk Assessment & Management, Information Security Audits. Expertise in Application Security, Network Security, DevSecOps, Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing, Configuration Review, Network Architecture Reviews, Cyber Maturity Assessments, Cyber Security Readiness Assessments, Cyber Security Assessments.  He has keen interest in  Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing,  Information Security Governance,  Networking,  PCI-DSS, Risk Management,  Business Continuity Planning and contingency planning.  He is also certified ISO27001 Lead Auditor and hold CE|H certification from EC Council.
FOR UPDATED RESUME PLEASE CONTACT ME :  •  7+ Years of experience in Security Tester & Penetration Tester (Analyst) •	Passionate about Information Security and Penetration Testing, Mobile Application security And AWS Security. •	Worked for clients leading in the Insurance and Pension domain and Telecommunication domain. •	Wide Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (V.A.P.T.) Experience on web applications. •	Remarkable experience in Manual and Automation web application Penetration Testing. •	Good understanding of attack scenarios and common vulnerabilities. •	Sound knowledge on OWASP Web Top 10 •	Ability to communicate technical issues to technical and non-technical business area representatives. •	Ability to analyze test results and suggest mitigations for security problems. •	Handled documentation and reporting. •	Hands on experience on different Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (V.A.P.T.) tools
Experienced Chief Executive Officer and Security Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Research, Hacking and Application Development. Strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Engineering focused in Computer Science from Adhi College.  8 Successful Startups ( CyberSecurity, Development, Education, Careers, Real Estates, Stock Market, Automobiles, Food Processing )  Founder / CEO ( Chief Executive officer ) of Techgreech Groups #Open Source Contributor ❤️  #Linux Operating System Contributor | Top 80 Elite developer  #Share Code not shit ✌️  #Securing websites all over the world  #Python Programmer  #Running an non-profit organization since 2017 | Techgreech Education & Careers and guiding students on importance of Cybersecurity & other trending Tech.  #Inventor of Keyfuck programming language  #Former president of Cybrarus ( CyberSec Community )   #Education revamper  #Living my life with my laptop and mobile phone...
Enthusiastic Ethical Hacker eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear understanding of Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing and Bug Hunting. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in Information Security Industry.  I am a Certified Ethical Hacker v10 and currently i am at a global rank of 719 on the bug bounty platform BugCrowd.com. I have helped several organizations by responsibly reporting severe bugs through their Responsible Vulnerability Disclosure Program.
I am a passionate Web Application Security Researcher. Love to play with Web application. I am active bug bounty hunter over years . Always want to learn new things . Very much interested on cyber security
My self Sai Vinay Reddee, I am a tech wizard, geek and an Ethical Hacker, I’m an alumnus of EC Council, passed C|EH, C|LPT with flying colors and I aimed to secure the Digital India with some of my knowledge.
I am working as information security analyst in IT - Networking for secure Network , assets , data ,server, firewall ,DLP, FTP, Interspire, G-suite, Google app,Nas, MacAfee endpoint protection , MacAfee encryption E-mail monitoring..!!
I have completed ethical hacking & penetration testing, web application penetration testing, White hat hacking v10, Network Security, Annonimty & Privacy, Offensive Bug Bounty courses and also CEH v10, & currently pursuing ECSA
I always had a passion towards new technologies and inquisitive nature on how things happen in the field of Cyber Security. I transitioned my career into Cyber Security few years ago, after a considerable amount of experience in Banking, Customer Services, Healthcare, and Technical Support. Since then, I have never looked back.  Trained myself through online resources on CompTIA A+, Network+ to get my basics right and moved on to achieve my Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH v9) certification. Quit my job leaving a major brand to join a freelancing startup to work in this amazing field of Cyber Security.  As a Cyber Security Analyst, I was involved with deployment and maintenance of Security Devices such as Firewalls, IDS/IPS (Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System), Routers, Switches by secure configuration. Setting up Security controls in line with Security Policies and Procedures to comply with Organisation's Compliance policies.  Managed various projects involving Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing (VAPT), recommendation on remediation and mitigation methodologies. I have been fortunate to work with Government Agencies, Financial Institutions, Universities & Educational Institutions, Hospitals, Small & Medium Businesses as well as Individuals. My job ensures critical computer systems and confidential information remain active and never fail.  With continuous learning I always stay updated on the latest trends in Information Security to keep all our clients not only safe but also on the cutting edge in their field of business.  A hacker might not sleep to achieve the goals and the same goes for Cyber Security Analysts. If everything runs smoothly and nothing suffers a glitch, then I know I did my job.  You can always reach me by dropping an email at : Email address: mdsharifuddin279@gmail.com  Professional Skills Summary:  Penetration Testing Tools: Open Source tools such as Kali linux, Parrot Security OS, Metasploit, Nessus, OpenVAS, Nmap, Burp Suite Professional, etc. SIEM Tools: Splunk and QRadar (Through Self Learning, basic deployment and common log searches. IDS/IPS (Intrusion Detection and Prevention) Firewalls: Palo Alto NGFW, pfSense and Other Industry leading softwares & hardwares Programming Languages: Basics Python, Shell Scripting, JavaScript, PHP. Operating Systems: Windows (All), MacOS, Unix, Linux, Windows Server 2012 R2, 2016.
Experienced Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Ethical Hacking, Incident Response, Linux, Vulnerability Assessment, and Server Administration. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Engineering - BE focused in Instrumentaion And Control Engineering from Tamilnadu College of Engineering.
CEO & Founder of  The Hacktivists . I am skilled in Vulnerability assessment and Penetration testing with a demonstrated history of training professionals in Cybersecurity across the globe.  We at  The Hacktivists  are specialists in providing Cybersecurity training for IT Professionals/ Students in Native and international languages.  Also, we provide professional services and online training, such as  * Seminars/Work Shops/Corporate Training(India/Worldwide) * Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing Services * Mobile(Android/iOS) Application Penetration Testing * Cloud Application Penetration Testing Services * Web Application Penetration Testing Services * Cloud Security Penetration Testing Services * Security Operation Center (SIEM) Training * Secure Code Review (PHP/Java/Dot Net) * Exploit Writing/Development Training * Enterprise Threat Hunting Training * IoT Device Penetration Testing * Reverse Engineering * PCI DSS Services * Malware Analysis * CISSP  If you/ your organization is interested in our Training and Services (explained above) then kindly inbox me for further discussions.
who is famous for finding bugs in some of the world’s most popular apps and websites.  He thrives off of “bug bounties” — large cash prizes he earns from companies in exchange for successfully hacking their systems and showing them their security flaws.  Anand is supremely good at what he does, having discovered vulnerabilities at companies like Facebook, Twitter, and Uber.  For the past 5 years, Facebook’s has ranked Anand as one of their top bounty hunters. And on Twitter’s bounty program, he’s ranked #3 world-wide.  Anand’s reputation as a hacker has lead to him being featured in last year’s Forbes “30 under 30” for enterprise technology in Asia. And a major Indian news website declared Anand “one of India’s best known white hat hackers.” 
Hello visitors, So, you are visiting my profile, that means I have intrigued your interest in some way. I am sure you are a fellow cybersecurity enthusiast who seeks to learn and share their knowledge on this very topic.  Here is me summed up: Cybersecurity, CTFs(Crypto & Forensics), Linux, Python, TED-Talks. I love all of the above mentioned.  Co-Founder, Content developer and editor @seconset.in     𝗧𝗲𝗰𝗵𝗻𝗶𝗰𝗮𝗹 𝗦𝗸𝗶𝗹𝗹𝘀:  Python || C/C++ || Bash Scripting || Linux || CTF Technical Content Write-ups || Pentesting || CTF Player(@ TryHackMe, OverTheWire, CTFLearn, PicoCTF)  	𝗧𝗼𝗼𝗹𝘀:   Burpsuite ✔️ Nmap ✔️ Gobuster ✔️ Dirbuster ✔️ Dirb ✔️ Metasploit-Framework ✔️ Zsteg ✔️ Steghide ✔️ radare2✔️  What inspires me?    𝘚𝘰𝘮𝘦𝘵𝘪𝘮𝘦𝘴 𝘪𝘵 𝘪𝘴 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘷𝘦𝘳𝘺 𝘱𝘦𝘰𝘱𝘭𝘦 𝘯𝘰 𝘰𝘯𝘦 𝘪𝘮𝘢𝘨𝘪𝘯𝘦𝘴 𝘢𝘯𝘺𝘵𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘰𝘧, 𝘸𝘩𝘰 𝘥𝘰 𝘸𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘯𝘰 𝘰𝘯𝘦 𝘤𝘢𝘯 𝘪𝘮𝘢𝘨𝘪𝘯𝘦.   This quote has always inspired me to hustle more.  If you would like to have a conversation with me, please ping me at: pratyaksh.11702109@lpu.in singhpratyaksh10@gmail.com
Hello..!!! This is Bighnesh Kumar Pati currently pursuing B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology. I am a certified Ethical Hacker and Penetration Tester with certification from GIAC(GPEN),EC council(C|EHv10), Certification from IT foundstone and has a completion certificate from Udemy. I like to break the rules and walls behind the system for good means. I am open to different Job oppertunaties as a Penetration Tester, Red Teaming and Cyber security Analysis.
Hey there , I've worked in fields like graphic designing , web development and the software development. i know languages like python, java, c/c++, HTML5, Css3, Data structures and basics of Android, I love cybersecurity and also have some self practiced experience in it as well. I have a hunger for knowledge. Always excited and filled with positivity.
-Expertise in Web Application VAPT (Gray-box and Black-box Testing)  -Expertise in Network VAPT (External PT and Internal PT)  -Expertise in Secure Configuration Audit for Web servers, Routers, Database  -Expertise in Thick Client Application Security Testing  -Expertise in Web services/API Security Testing  -Performed Application Penetration testing (Manual Testing and Automated scans)  -Conducted onsite Penetration tests from an insider threat perspective.  -Performed host, network, and web application penetration tests  -Document and discuss security findings with information technology teams
Experienced Information Security professional having hands on experience on WebAPP and Webservice VA/PT, Internal and External Network Pentesting, Android App Pentesting.   Hands on experience with tools of trade like IBM Appscan, Netsparker, Acunetix, Nmap, SOAP UI, Postman, OWASP ZAP, Burp Suite, Nessus, Core Impact, Wireshark, tcpdump, Metasploit Framework etc.  Offensive Key Skills  # Web application VAPT # Network Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing # Wireless Pentesting # Red Teaming #AWS Pentesting #Docker and Containers Security #Android Application Pentesting #Win32  Exploit Development  Currently preparing for OSCE.
Experienced Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in SQL Injection, Python, Penetration Testing, Web Application Security, and Network Security. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology focused in Cyber security from KCC INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY AND MANAGEMENT.
I m a programmer and a growth penetration tester.  I work as a freelancer for network security . I learned C,C++,Java ,Python . I m working  on bug bounty programs  in bug crowd .Along with I m a Ctf player
CEO at Friendsnet.in (Indian Social Networking Website), Experienced Trainer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Personality Development, Information Security & Ethical Hacking, CEH, Kali, Ubuntu, Red Hat, CHFI, LPT, Php, Javascript, Html, CSS, Penetration Testing, Database Testing, Malware Testing, ECSA,  Vulnerability Assessment, Cisco Certified, and Management. Strong human resources professional with a 12TH focused in Science/Maths from St. Jospeh Sr. Sec. School and completed graduation (B.Tech ) in Mechanical Engg.   Author of 4 Books available on amazon website named as  Carrot Hack ,  Internet Footprints ,  Burp Suite Master ,  Web Leaks  and upcoming book  Do you Think, U r Safe- Ask ____ . Tapan-Kumar-Jha/e/B07NTFYGK7%3Fref=dbs_a_mng_rwt_scns_share  Currently working for Oppo Mobiles, Carrefour (Dubai), Emaar Group (UAE), MAF (Dubai).  Delivered more than 300+ Workshop, 150+ Seminar, 50+ Corporate Batches, 30+ Online Training on Cyber Security, Web App Security, Network Security, etc.   Working for more than 15+ companies as a Freelancer Sr. Penetration Tester & Blue Team Leader.  Interviewed more than 15+ News Channels, 20+ Newspapers, 5+ FM Channels on Cyber Security & Cyber Crime Awareness. 
Hello!  Thanks for coming here to read about me.  I am living a challenging, odds, stacked against my life. I neither shy from a challenge,nor do I beg for punishment, nor do I tempt fate.  Reach out to me to share or obtain security insights, resources or feedback. I am particularly interested in obtaining information security metrics.  Opinions are my own, and unless otherwise stated do not represent any one whom i know, nor do they represent the charitable organizations I support or participate in - except they are willing to tolerate an opinionated person.
Acknowledged By Avira,Lenovo,Carbon Black,EFF,Dutchdare,Geniebelt,BOSCH,CERT-EU,Filestack,Megacool,Anonyome,Eset,Castbox,Transloadit,Octopus Deploy,Ivanti,Oslo Børs,CodePolitan,Issuu,Acloudguru,TrendMicro,OCCRP,Inflectra,Honeywell,Guidebook,Trovisio,GeeksforGeeks,Zenmate,Crowdin,Ford,Under Armour,Abacus,eBay,Asus,EC-Council,cPanel,PayExchanger,Conclusion,Intuit,TheHagueSecurityDelta,DidSoft,AutoTrader,Shopclues,eScan,Udacity,Cloudsmith,BBC,Flarum,AT&T,Surf,Nokia,edX,NXP Semiconductors,SAP,Synology,McAfee,Slack,de Rechtspraak,Telefónica Germany,Humble Bundle,Axway Appcelerator,Edmodo,Sportskeeda,University Of Cambridge,United Nation,Alibaba,Atlassian,Stkkr,REVE Antivirus,Intel,CurrencyCloud,Buffer,Adobe,Onfido,Apple,Tyk,Sketch App,Visma,Jobreg,Dell,Palo Alto Networks,Wageningen University & Research's,Pwnie Express,Accenture,SoundCloud,Paymill,Blackberry,TomTom,Jumpshare,Orged,Garmin,HostBill,Stratisiot,Audi,Paytm,Dutch Tax & Administration,CricHeroes,Internshala,Yubico,Domino's,Google,Facebook   My CVE  CVE-2019-11514  HacktheBox 
I am a penetration tester currently pursuing my B.Tech in Computer Science in Karunya Institute of Technology and Sciences. I have pursued cyber security from 2018 and have made multiple efforts to improve myself in the field. In the past year i have attended multiple CTF(s), hacking competitions, to improve myself.  I am also interested in the application of machine learning in cybersecurity.Hence i have worked on projects that apply machine learning to detect malicious domains.  I have also completed other projects that involve fields like cyber security, machine learning and web designing. I am currently working on my skills as a bug hunter.
Do hard will give you hard reflact
Actively Looking for Internship/Job opportunities in the field of Cybersecurity.
Independent security researcher thinking of logical things to make a secure world . Im practising lots of stuffs to make a website strong and involves in developing part too . Am played  website and identifying security and reporting them and logical things . I have strong degree in the background of information technology pursuing it in Bannari Amman Institute of technology. Am have been working with various field in cyber security. Even though am a beginner apart from that i have been for most of the field and exploring it . How it works? Playing CTF at my free time and keeping me updated in my field Mostly I believe in hard work to obtain some thing. The world is all about the winning moment of the person not loser.  If u really wanna be successful, ignore the hatters and accept the hard work and go on 
Phone : 09433932620 Email : abhirupguhakolkata@gmail.com
Experienced Customer Relations Executive with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in SQL, Customer Service, Sales, Business Communications, and Strategic Planning. Strong support professional graduated from SRM UNIVERSITY, DELHI-NCR.
Wanna track your family android mobile for safety ? Get Call Logs, Voice Call Recording, SMS, GPS Location, Whatsapp Chat, Contacts and more stuffs.  Hello.  I m U M Abhijit Ranasingh™. ~An Ethical Hacker, Penetration Tester, Independent Researcher, Darkweb/ Darknet Researcher. ~Computer Scientist & Security Consultant. ~Front-end Web Developer. √ Founder & CTO for XSecurity India. √ Mission: Make Country Safe! √ Corporate Trainer & Promoting Awareness     Programmes on Cybercrime and     Cybersecurity & Forensics as well. √ Providing Online Training and Corporate    Training as well. √ Consult us to make your Business Safe! √ Web: www.xsecurityindia.org √ Email:     xsecindia@outlook.com    xsecindia@gmail.com √ Join: Discord √ Join: Zoom Meeting √ Support:      Live With Farmers | Plant a Tree | Startup     India | Make in India | Digital India | Free     Education to All. √ Join our Community to help people     and self to live life. √ Community: XSecurity India Foundation √ Join: www.xsecurityindia.com/foundation √ Donate:    www.xsecurityindia.com/foundation/    donation  ¶ Jai Hind ¶
Experienced Social Media Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Cyber Defense, Java, HTML, Computer Security, and Database Management System (DBMS). Strong marketing professional with a bca focused in Computer Engineering from P. D. Pandya Institute of Computer Application.
A well experienced cyber practitioner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Networking, Ethical Hacking, Network security, Forensic investigation.
Engineer By Education, Programmer By Profession, Gadget Maker By Interest, Photographer By Hobby,                           Traveler By Passion, Footballer By Birth, Kind By Heart.
Total of one+ year of experience in the information security domain, worked with multiple clients across the Financial Services, Health Care and Retail verticals.  Specialities :  Application penetration testing Vulnerability Assessment of application/API
I am an ethical hacker as well  as android developer . I have worked for HBE which is an non profit NGO service  as an app developer for providing mobile based solution. I have also  developed different custom ROMs and patches like Darkmoon,  Cyanogenmod for devices like unite 2 , yu yuphoria and many more. I am  passionate to work on Cyber security, NLP and AI like Jarvis and kodi.
Pentester with 5 years of Experience in Application & Infra Security | Serving Notice Period
Description: I am web security tester & computer science engineer.  Experience: I m working under krydence company from 6 months  Hall of fames: [ BLEND.com] [MAILGUN.com]  Skills: Vulnerability: 1. Spf record not found   2. Click jacking  3. Sql injection  4. Session fixsation  5. Xss   6. Csrf token leakage  7. Csrf attack  8. File upload  9. File inclusion (local, remote)     10. Command injection  11. Sensitive infomation disclosed   12. Ssrf   13. Xml  injection  14.Cross origin resource sharing(cors)  15. Cross domain resource leakage(cdrl)  16. Host header injection &  catch poisoning  17. Open redirect & unvaliadated redirects forward  many more.............    Check my Bugcrowd link👇 
Lesser the primitive you become, More the vulnerable you will be.
Ethical H4CK3R
OSCP and CISSP Certified Security Professional !  Talented and dedicated Cyber Security Consultant with over 12+ years of experience  My Specialties:   Security Information and Event Management(SIEM) and Log Management Security Monitoring and Security Operation Centers (SOC) Hardware Security Module ( HSM ) Implementation & Auditing Security Analytics and User and Entity Behavior Analytics Vulnerability Assessment and Management(VA/VM) Endpoint Detection and Response(EDR) Threat Intelligence & Deceptions Secure Configuration Review  Network Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing. Web-application Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing. Secure Code Review Assessment for various Application Platform Incident Handling / Malware Analysis   Tools / Products Played :  APT :- FireEye HX / NX , CarbonBlack  SIEM / Log Management :- IBM QRadar, HP Arcsight Logger / ESM , Alien vault, Splunk, LogRhythm, Trustwave LME WAF :- Imperva , F5 ASM, Radware , Brocade, Akamai DDOS :- F5 Cloudline , Radware, Akamai , Arbor  IDS/IPS :- McAfee , Cisco Firepower, Snort DLP :- Symantec DLP14 , McAfee, Open DLP, Digital Guardium, Trustwave Email Security :- Symantec Brightmail , Cisco Ironport, Proof Point, Trendmicro Firewall :- Checkpoint , PaloAlto  Proxy :- Bluecoat , Zscaler (Cloud) Configuration Audit :- Nipper , Redseal , Nessus Data classification : Titus , Boldon James Vulnerability Management / Penetration Testing : Nessus , IBM BigFix, GFI Languard, CoreImpact Application Security :- IBM AppScan, Netsparker, Burpsuite, Acunetix, Burpsuite
Security Researcher with over five years of experience in securing Web/Mobile apps, Red Teaming, Cloud and Infrastructure Security, External/Internal Networks and API Pentesting. Worked independently on various Bug bounty platforms, and currently managing the Security at Binary.com. Love CTF's and also hold an OSCP cert. Codes in Python/Bash to automate my tasks and recon process, also develops websites in NodeJS.
web application developer & penetration tester.| working at hacker one & bug-crowd | I have worked with more than 6 languages and have advance proficiency in 4 languages (i.e Python,c/c++,c#, PHP, javascript,SQL,.net) part-time 3D-2D animator & logo designer.
Web application penetration tester at Microsec technologies limited.
Information Security enthusiast, security researcher and Penetration Tester.
I am a Penetration Tester and working as a Security Analyst Intern in Kratikal Tech. Pvt. Ltd. I have more than 1 year of experience in information Security Domain.
Cyber Security and Incident Response
Vishal Sharma has more than 10 years of experience in Information/ Network security which includes research on Vulnerabilities & Network Attacks. He has worked as consultant and researcher for firms like HCL, RSA & eCore.  He is having core experience in Single Sign On & Identity / Access Management Solutions. He is also having a keen interest in security domain & holding degree of Masters in Network Security.  He has conducted more than 50 workshops on “Cyber Forensics & Network Security with various Institutions & govt sector across India, Including Indian Military Academy (Dehradun) & Air-force Station (Adampur).  Cyber Crime Investigation: Vishal had worked on various cyber crime cases with a NGO HANS. Cases including data frauds, location detection & social media crimes.   Security Audits: He had performed Security Audits for various MNC's & law firms. Audits including DMD Advocates, Ranbaxy etc.  He has spoken at top conferences around the world including Defcon (India), DW-Meet etc.  Specialties: Secure SSO, Cloud Single Sign On, Web Application Firewalls Identity & Access Management, RSA Data loss prevention, 2 Step Authentication Schemes, Web based Intrusion Detection Systems.
Information Security Engineer with 6+ years of experience in IT security domains such as Cloud Security, Vulnerability Assessment, Network Penetration testing and Endpoint Protection. Currently working as Infrastructure Security Engineer II at Innovaccer in managing AWS cloud security and network penetration testing. Experienced in design and integration of SIEM, open source and Endpoint security solutions. Proficient in Linux operating system configuration. Excellent communication skills with proven abilities in resolving complex security incidents.
Hi there. I'm a Computer Science enthusiast.  I like to: - create and hack web applications. - design and analyze algorithms. - work with diverse teams.
Certified Ethical Hacker
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the Computer and Cyber Security Industry. Skilled in Networking and Web Development.Responsible for developing innovative Security Solutions.  #Founder & Director of Vaeto Technologies Pvt Ltd  #Securing organization all over the world 	 #Inventor of First Free Cyber Audit   #Application Security Researcher  #Life with Burpsuite
Full Stack Developer Web App Security Researcher (Bug Hunter) Data Scientist (ML/DL)  Web Tech's: NodeJs | MongoDB | Redis | Python | Django | ReactJs | Javascript    ML/DL: TensorFlow | Keras | Scikit-Learn | Matplotlib | Pandas | NumPy
Experienced Network Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the professional training & coaching industry. Skilled in Kali Linux, Red Hat Linux, Active Directory, Windows Server, and Computer Security.
•	Leader with an experience in the field of Information Security, IT Strategy, Data Protection & Privacy, Analytics, Cyber Security, IT Service Delivery, Pre-Sales, A.I, Solution Architecture, Quality Assurance and Product Management. •	Expertise in Technology transformation, Application modernization, Risk assessment & its mitigation, Automation, Cost Optimization, Quicker Time to Market techniques, Analytics and Continuous delivery. •	Currently working with ArisGlobal Software Pvt. Ltd. and previously worked with Optiv Inc. & Accenture Solutions. •	Experienced in working on AWS & Azure Cloud and new IT technologies like Splunk, SumoLogic, Phantom Cyber and DevOps tools like CHEF, Jenkins, GitHub. •	A Quicker learner to adapt to new technologies, platform, methods and processes. •	Experience in Agile, Scrum, PMP techniques, ITIL practices and Service Management. •	Performed Business and Technology Consolidations, DevOps Implementations, IT Transformations, driven innovations to improve IT efficiency. •	Strong knowledge on IT Operations Optimization, IT GRC, Strategy & Cost reduction techniques. •	Deeply knowledgeable on working and implementation of CMMI and ISO standards. •	Fast to adapt to new regulations like GDPR and hands on with benchmarks like CIS and SOC2. •	Have the affluent experience in accommodating two of the largest mergers in the history of Telecom & FMCG industries (86B $ & 103B $ respectively). •	Strong knowledge and experience in formulating SDLC phases, Quality Assurance and Quality Control processes. •	Splunk Certified Power User 6.3 •	EXIN certified ITIL V3 Foundation. •	EC Council CEH V8. •	ISTQB (International Software Testing Qualifications Board) Certified Tester. •	BCS certified Business Analyst. •	Proofpoint Accredited Administrator: Email Protection & Information Protection SumoLogic Certified Power User. Palo Alto Certified ACE Certified Lead Auditor for ISO 27001 & 9001
Received appreciation for finding cyber security issues from: Dubai Police, Latvia Government CERT, Azerbaijan Government CERT, Kazakhstan Government CERT, Macedonia Government CERT, Bangladesh Government CERT, Ecuador Government CERT and Nigeria Government CERT  Hall of Fame  Erasmus University Rotterdam, Netherlands University of Twente, Netherlands
Experienced in smart IoT devices security. Proficient with penetration testing of embedded devices, firmware reverse engineering, and radio communication analysis. Developing skill sets in web, cloud, and mobile device penetration testing. Proficient in designing IoT Security labs. Hands-on IoT hardware as well as Cloud platform
IN Wipro, Currently I am working as a Penetration Tester and have more than 7 years of experience in various Domains Such as Penetration Testing, Vulnerabilty Assessment, Threat Hunting & Malware Analysis and Firewall Security.  Experience in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing using various tools like Burp Suite,Metasploit, ZAP Proxy, NMAP, Dir-Buster, wafwoof, Qualys-guard, Nessus, Kali Linux, Wireshark, The Harvestor, Sublist3r, lbd, SET, website-watcher. Hands on Experience working with LAN and WAN topologies, TCP/IP protocol, routers, switches, and firewalls in Internet, Intranet and Extranet environments Performed security research, analysis and design for all client computing systems and the network infrastructure
Passion to work in the domain of : Cybersecurity Engineer ( SOC, CTI, Incidence Response, Analyst  ) IT support specialist ( Troubleshooting & Consultancy ) Cloud Computing ( AWS & AZURE ) Network Administrator ( Wired & Wireless ) Hardware engineer (Troubleshooting & Consultancy )
Security Researcher/Penetration Tester with 7.6 years of experience, looking for a challenging and rewarding experience to further technical skills and be a part of a company on the cutting edge of the Information Security and Technology field.
LCSP and CCSP.. soon to become OSCP and CISSP
☑ Security Analyst ☑ Trainer at hackingarticles ☑ CTF Player ☑ CTF Trainer ☑ Successfully completed CEH (𝗘𝗖𝗖𝟰𝟬𝟰𝟯𝟳𝟮𝟰𝟰𝟱𝟯𝟲) ☑ Wrote Articles in the leading website: 𝐡𝐚𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐚𝐫𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐥𝐞𝐬.𝐢𝐧 ☑ C, C++, C# Developer
I'm an Information Security enthusiast who love to research on the topics related to  Pentesting, InfoSec, Capture The Flag, Cyber Forensic, Telecom Security etc. I always try to improvise my knowledge through reading writeups and resources from several Hacker community and forums. My experience has been into multiple domains and technologies such as Jeopardy style Capture the Flag, Social Engineering, Information Gathering, Enumeration and Cryptography etc.
Experienced as a Application and Network Penetration testing engineer and also as a Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Penetration testing tools like Burpsuite, Nmap, Metasploit, HP Webinspect, HP Fortify, Sqlmap.Skilled in Security Defense team tools like Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) (Q radar), IPS and IDS, McAfee epo, Crowd Strikeand Qualys Guard. Strong information technology professional graduated from R.M.K College Of Engineering And Technology
A Security enthusiast with sound knowledge of Linux binary exploitation and web penetration testing. I love to play with secure systems and always tries to find innovative ways to crack systems. MTech from IIT Kanpur with specialization in System Security. Have experience in Cyber Security Lab IIT Kanpur and System Security team Samsung R&D centre Delhi. Currently working in Infosec team @Walmartlabs India.
Experienced Senior Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Network security, malware analyst, Threat analyst, SOC, Windows,Metasploit and Cisco Systems Products. Strong engineering professional with a Master's degree focused in Cybersecurity systems and Network from Amrita University, Amritapuri Campus.
VAPT | CEH | OWASP Top10 | Mobile application  | Web application | Network |
#Bug #Bounter, Say No To #Hackers, Want To Become #PenTeser, But i Love to Break The Arrogance oF Developers💪  Think Beyond Normal; Be An #Abnormal in Study. Love #NetworkForensics.  World is Limited But I M LimitLess, I Can And I Will... One Day i will Become a #CyberSecurity #Expert  i can't travel my day without thinking weirdest than other.  Want To Talk More But Don't Have Space; Doesn't Matter; One day People will Find a place in Auditorium to listen words of security soul.
I am a student , learner and a passionate cyber security enthusiastic. I am currently a fresher as a job perspective. Would love to work as full-time , half-time , remotely or internship.
Quick learner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in software development and has hands on experience with a variety of tools including Python, Penetration Testing, JavaEE,  and SQL.
I'm MCA Fresher. I'm looking for Job in ReactJS/ React Native, Web development, Cybersecurity,  penetration testing.   Qualifications: MCA, VAPT, Cybersecurity expert,  RedHat,  Cisco Ccna.
Hi, This is Rhythm Jain. I am pursuing my Bachelors degree in Computer Science Engineering from Amity University, Noida. I am interested in Cyber Security and currently working at a position of CTO at SafeHack. Looking for more and bigger opportunities in this field. Please have a look at my Resume attached.
Experienced Ethical Hacker with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Ethical Hacking, VAPT, App. Sec., Kali Linux, Networking and Cloud.
I'm a Penetration Tester and Vulnerability Assessment Expert.
1.Having 3 + years of Experience into IT Security And Good Hands on experience into VA/PT , Web application , Mobile application (Android  & IOS )and Network penetration testing ( Windows & Linux) , IOT pentesting  2. Having Good hands on experience in Asp.net.mvc  And  C#  3.Have Reverse Engineered Malware’s and Have experience in threat intelligence  5. bug bounty Player on hackerone & Bug Crowd  6.Certified Ethical hacker From appin Techonolgies 7.I do Freelance projects to  8.Have reported Vulnerabilities to Google,Honeywell,upwork And info4tec
A Professional Hacker made with excellent exposure to IT Security   Here are my roles and Responsibilities:  1. VAPT 2. Hacking Web Applications 3. Hacking Mobile Applications(Static and Dynamic Analysis) 4. Hacking API's  5. Pentesting thick client application  6. HTTP Parameter Contamination, Remote Code Execution and as well as Reverse Engineering 7. Exploit Development, Finding Buffer overflow, subdomain takeovers etc
Building ML models, Data Visualization, Deep Learning, Geospatial Analysis, Natural Language Processing  Key Skills:  Angular, React, Node, ES6, JS, CSS3, HTML5, NPM Secure SDLC, Web exploitation, Pen testing, OWASP top 10 and SANS Top 25.
Experienced Owner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry.  Skilled : Microsoft Office , Computer Forensics, Management, Master Data Management, and Adobe software . Strong business development professional  Hand-on Experience of tools like autopsy, FTK, Windows sys internals, IDA Pro, Wireshark, hexaeditor, os parrot, Linux, Nmap, File carving  Knowledge of Malware analysis and Reverse Engineering
Cybersecurity Specialiast, Working as a Trainer and penetration Tester at 'IT kart' Delhi
CEH v10 |  Cyber Security | Networking pentester | Web pentester
Experienced Chief Technology Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Presentation Skills, Security, Ethical Hacking, and VAPT.
4 years of experience as security pentester. Carry hands-on experience in webPT, NPT, WebservicePT, Mobile appPT, configuration Audit, social engineering. Worked with clients across the globe. Certified OSCP, ECSA, CEH.
An IT security consultant and researcher with over 2+ years of expertise into Network and Web Penetration Testing. Competent and skilled IT & Web Security Researcher. Apart from professional experience, have a Passion and diligence for hacking, finding new bugs and vulnerabilities.   AREAS OF EXPERTISE : * Web-App Penetration Testing * Network Penetration Testing * Vulnerability Researcher  * Vulnerability Assessment * Bug Bounty Hunting * Cyber Forensics   TOOLS :  Network Penetration Tools- Nmap, Nikto, Sparta, Ikescan, Netdiscover, Wireshark, Tshark  Vulnerability Scanner- Nessus, Nexpose, Acunetix, OpenVas, GFI Languard, Retina, WpScan, Vega, Netsparker  Exploitation Tools- Metasploit, Commix Injection, Veil Evasion, SET, BurpSuite, Beef, SqlMap, Armitage, OWASP Zap   OS : Backtrack, Kali Linux, Parrot, Black Ubuntu, , Windows Server 2008   Vulnerable Labs : DVWA, Metasploitable2, Metasploitable3, Necromancer, Stapler, Billy Madison    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES : * Programming Languages: PHP, Python, HTML, Javascript, C * Operating Systems: OS X, Win-7, 8.1, 10, Kali Linux, Windows Server 2008 * Database: MySQL   INFORMATION SECURITY : Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Cryptography.   FIELDS OF INTEREST AND RESEARCH : Information Security, Penetration Testing,Vulnerability Assessment,Bug Bounty, Cyber Forensics.
∞ Conduct vulnerability assessment of System and Physical infrastructure including penetration testing of networks using third-party & open source tools ∞ Conduct Infrastructure Security, IT Security, Vulnerability Assessment, Network Design ∞ Understand network and networking components including maintenance, hardening, testing and security management ∞ Knowledge and experience in the areas of one or more Operating Systems, Databases maintenance, hardening, testing, and security management ∞ Excellent knowledge of Information Security technologies and methodologies particularly, including for example web server security / firewalls / networks / encryption / PKI / TCP/IP / UNIX / Windows / MAC etc.
Experienced Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in C++, Vulnerability Assessment, HTML, Computer Security, Bug Bounty and Ethical Hacking. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in IT from Universal College of Engineering Mumbai.
Who am I? ‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾‾  I am Faiz Ahmed Zaidi, currently working as a Security Engineer in Colortokens. I always like to find new vulnerability and exposures. I have got some acknowledgments from Apple, Facebook, Intel, ISC2, Microsoft and more. I have registered few CVE's with my name which is available in   CVE numbers are, 1. CVE-2019-0235 2. CVE-2018-6518 3. CVE-2017-14740 4. CVE-2017-11611 5. CVE-2017-9609 6. CVE-2017-8382 7. CVE-2017-7188 8. CVE-2017-6370  Also, I have published a vulnerability in zero-day and Exploit-DB. The links are provided below 
Currently holding 4+ years of experience as a Security Analyst. Security Testing of the web application, android application, ios application, API, and network servers for vulnerabilities. CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker) and CEI (Certified EC-Council Instructor) from EC-Council USA. Hands-on experience in Networking, Linux, and Cloud computing.  Interviewed by two TV channels for Cyber Security Related issues.
Hands-on 12 years of information security experience in network security, vulnerability assessment, and penetration testing (Web application, Network infra, Operating system, Database).
IT security professional with 5+ years of experience and currently employed as a pentester in primera medical technology.  Bug Bounty Hunter (Got rewards and hall of from bugcrowd and some private websites such as microsoft, clavister etc)  Certifications:             Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)               Microsoft certified professional(MCP)
Aspiring Security Researcher  working at Rubrik . Passionate about development and automating tasks. I have worked as an iOS Developer,  Love developing tools in Python and like to keep my self updated with latest vulnerabilities, exploits and security updates. Some of my key highlights are:  - Security innovation in integrating Application Security into the CI/CD pipeline.   - Perform Web and Network Penetration Testing and open to remain updated in the cyber security world, love to play CTF's in my spare time.
Cyber Security Engineer having expertise in vulnerability assessment & penetration testing of web, mobile, network, cloud, thick & thin client, API. Skilled in cloud technologies, linux environment, creation & deployment of WAF, writing PCRE WAF signatures based on mod-security, log analysis, ELK.
Penetration Testing | Vulnerability Assessment
I'm Working as Penetration Tester & Ethical Hacker with 3.5 years of Experience. I have been involved in manual Web Application Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing, Mobile Application Penetration Testing for iOS and Android Platforms, Thick Client Testing and web services & API testing.  As a Security Consultant, manage and govern the team to ensure quality and adherence in the process. Co-ordinating with developers for clarifying the vulnerability details and mitigations and also Handling client communication.   I can transition quickly into new environments, work effectively both independently and in teams. Be relied upon to deliver satisfaction between the point of customer engagement to the hand over of final deliverables. I possess excellent interpersonal skills to support all areas of my work and those I interact with. Looking forward to engaging in PWK/OSCP hopefully by the end of 2020 - sharpening this knowledge. If we have a chance to chat, I am certain we can learn something new from each other!
I am US-Council certified Cybersecurity Professional. i have good knowledge on Computers, computer networks and Computer security. i am always passionate about to know and about to learn something new about computer Security
I have a lot of experience in systems administration, deployment, configuration using the Hashicorp pipeline, Docker, nginx and other modern server technologies. I also am well versed in development with Python, PHP and Ruby. I can do development and deployment, but recently security is my passion. I have practiced security for several years in my freetime, and now I am just starting out professionally. I have experience with Vulnerability Scans, Reverse Engineering and Malware Analysis, Penetration testing, IDS/IPS (Surricata + ossec + snort + snorby), Anti-Virus, Firewalls and Fortinet Appliance configuration. I have initiative and am able to adequately teach myself new skills and technologies. I care more about giving a good service and leaving a happy customer than making money. I look forward to working on our next project :)
Security Researcher at Hacking Articles (www.hackingarticles.in). Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.  Experienced Cyber practitioner with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry.  Networking, Ethical Hacking and penetration tester.   Top 50 InfoSec Blogs Digital Guardian Described by Digital Guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.   Top 100 Information Security Blogs for Data Security Professionals The Best Information Security blogs from thousands of top Information Security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week.    69 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading Information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. In an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. Anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.   10 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading This is our collection of important and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry’s top leaders.  The 150+ Most Influencial Blogs and content contributors in Infosec we analyzed more than 150 Blogs, Magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in The 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of IT security. 
Available for remote  cyber security  projects only.  Have 7+ years of experience in both black box and white box testing penetration testing. Conduct penetration testing in a systematic approach. Follow the standard methodology of the industry like OWASP Testing Guide v4(OTGv4) ; SANS top 25; NIST SP 800-115; PCI DSS to perform penetration testing so that client can concentrate on their professions without worrying about security threats.  Web Application Testing: Perform both manual and automated penetration testing for vulnerabilities like Injection flaws(such as SQL, NoSQL, OS, and LDAP injection etc),Broken Authentication, Sensitive Data Exposure,XML External Entities (XXE), Broken Access Control,Security Misconfiguration, Cross-site scripting(XSS), Insecure Deserialization, Using Components with Known Vulnerabilities,Insufficient Logging & Monitoring. Also, perform source code reviews for many technologies like Java, .NET, PHP etc. Approach for Manual Web-Application Penetration Testing: Conduct manual testing with following controls: * Configuration and Deployment Management Testing * Identity Management Testing * Authentication Testing * Authorization Testing * Session Management Testing * Input Validation Testing * Testing for Error Handling * Testing for weak Cryptography * Business Logic Testing * Client Side Testing Tools that use for Automated Web Penetration Testing: Acunetix, Burp-Suite, Netsparker, Nexpose, Nikto, IBM AppScan, HP fortify, W3af etc.  Network penetration testing: Provide Network Penetration Testing so that your Network Infrastructure is secured from the real world attacks. Do both manual and automated network penetration testing.  Approach for Manual Network Penetration Testing: Manually check for IDS/IPS, Server, Networks switch, Network Router, VPN, Firewalls, Anti-virus, Password etc.  Tools that use for automated network penetration testing: OpenVas, Wireshark, Nessus, Metasploit, Armitage, Scapy etc.
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Research, Microsoft Excel, Customer Service, Management, and Microsoft Word. Strong information technology professional with a BCA - Bachelor of Computer Application focused in Mathematics and Computer Science from Amrita vishwa vidyapeetham, amritapuri.
Core Competencies: - Vulnerability Assessment - Penetration Testing - OWASP  - Secure Code Review
My name is Gopikrishna , I am an ethical hacker, pentester and a Technology inquisitive. I just love hacking and breaking the rules, but don’t get me wrong as I said I am an ethical hacker.  Strongly motivated young IT professional, Linux enthusiast with a passion for Ethical Hacking and Cyber Security. With an exceptional eye for details and a sense of urgency when it comes down to problem solving.
Self-driven teen with a strong passion for cybersecurity
A Security Hacker with over 3 Years of Progressive exprience in cyber security field. I Help companies to improve their security by finding and reporting security vulnerabilities to them and closely working with them until vulnerabilities are fixed. As a Security Hacker, I have worked for More than 100+ companies to secure them from cyber threat.
Anshuman is a techgeek who is curious about various technologies and loves to explore in daily basis and concerns about Security and Privacy.  •Professionally he is a Cyber Security Researcher, Penetration tester, CTF player and an Ethical Hacker and Advocate for Privacy.  He is also a Technical Content Writer love to share his knowledge through write-ups and blog.  𝗧𝗲𝗰𝗵𝗻𝗶𝗰𝗮𝗹 𝗦𝗸𝗶𝗹𝗹𝘀 ⭐Python ⭐C/C++ ⭐Java ⭐Bash ⭐Operating System ⭐Database Management ⭐Networking ⭐Linux ⭐Ethical Hacking ⭐Pentesting ⭐CTF Technical Content Writing  𝗧𝗼𝗼𝗹𝘀: ✔️Wireshark ✔️BurpSuite ✔️JohnTheReapper ✔️Nmap ✔️Gobuster ✔️Nikto ✔️Metasploit ✔️Hashcat   •In spite of these he loves to do Community works whether it is building a community or serving for community:  👉🏽He serves for Mozilla Community in various Privacy Campaigns.  👉🏽He serves for GirlScript Foundation whose motto is to provide free and quality education to enthusiast geeks all over India.  👉🏽He mentors the beginners to start their journey in Cybersecurity field. Trained more than 200+ schools & college students all over India.  👉🏽He is currently leading a open Cybersecurity Community as well as platform : SecOnset (www.seconset.in)      𝗖𝗼𝗺𝗺𝘂𝗻𝗶𝘁𝘆 𝗦𝗸𝗶𝗹𝗹𝘀: ☀️Speaker ☀️Leadership ☀️Teamwork ☀️Comunicaton ☀️Nagotiation ☀️Presentation ☀️Team Building ☀️ Mentoring  ---------------------- Do You want to explore /learn /discuss related to CyberSec field/Open-Source/Community Building then hit him up anytime   📧: das.anshuman2018@gmail.com(queries/discussion/suggestions)  📧:anshuman@seconset.in(organization related)
~ Interest in Cyber Security. ~ Photography - @saak_photography. ~ Intern at  Indian Servers - A premium     software development company . ~ Automation Anywhere Certified Advanced               RPA Professional (V11.0).
I am a security enthusiast, who aims to work in an environment where I can utilize my skills, add new skills to my skillset and advocate my skills towards the growth of the organization and my experience.
An independent   (Freelancer) with 6+ months of experience  into Network, Web and Mobile Pen-testing. Competent and skilled IT & Web Security Researcher. Apart from professional experience, have a Passion and diligence for hacking, finding new bugs and vulnerabilities. I have experience in testing complex web applications for high, medium and low risk vulnerabilities as well as experience in exploiting these vulnerabilities when required.  •	6+ months of experience with conducting security compliance tests and vulnerability assessments of, databases, firewalls, and VPNs using manual methods and commercial automated tools •	Knowledge of Cyber security threats and techniques used by adversaries to compromise systems •	Experience in application and infrastructure security practices and standards (such as OWASP) •	Conducting vulnerability assessments and penetration testing (application and/or infrastructure) and articulating security issues to technical and non-technical audience •	Vulnerability Assessment  tools   •	Social Engineering campaigns, •	Deep understanding of OSI model •	OS Security  •	Reporting information security vulnerabilities to businesses •	Ability to explain the output of Security Assessments to a non-technical audience verbally and in writing. •	6+ months of experience conducting vulnerability assessments, code reviews and penetration tests against web/mobile application technologies, services, platforms and languages to find flaws and exploits (e.g., SQL Injection). EXPERIENCE: 	Currently working  as  Ethical Hacking and Penetration Testing(Freelancer) 6+ months.  Technical Skills  •	Conducting vulnerability assessments and penetration testing (application and/or infrastructure) and articulating security issues to technical and non-technical audience •	Identifying, researching, validating, and exploiting various different known and unknown security vulnerabilities on server and client side. •	Social Engineering campaigns, e.g. email phishing, phone calls, SET •	Deep understanding of OSI model. •	Perform assessments of security awareness training using social engineering •	Perform web application, mobile application and network penetration tests. •	In the last 6+ months  I have been a part of more than 6 Penetration-Tests and Security Assessments. •	Acknowledged by Google for PSWG. •	I have been acknowledged and won Silver medal in national Hackathon competition.  Please free to contact me anytime,it will be my pleasure to assist you.  Regards.
Excellent Information security Professional Offering: •	31 Months (2.7 years) of experience in IS auditing, Web application security testing (more than 90+ applications), Network security analysis, Penetration Testing and so on •	Specialty in finding vulnerabilities for improving business efficiency  •	A good project management skill  
I am having  5 years of experience in cyber security,specialties includes web and network penetration testing, ethical hacking, red teaming,security vulnerability assessments, threat and vulnerability management, article writing.Energetic approach for Research and continuously improve my skills on attacker tools, methods and techniques. Along with quick learning and effective problem solving skills.
Experienced Security Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Source Intelligence, Web Design, Shell Scripting, and Ethical Hacking. Strong information technology professional.
OSCP | Penetration Tester | Cyber Security Expert | C0d3r | Blogger 0x1
I’m Not a Master, I’m Still a Learner. NOBODY is Safe in Cyber World. Use Your Knowledge to Save Yourself & Your Country. Respect your Country’s Cyber Law And Internet.  Mr. OoPpSs is a very young Cyber Security And Cyber Crime Investigator. He has been involved in the information technology And Cyber Security field since 6 years. He later pursued his higher studies in the field of Cyber Law and Computer forensic. He holds professional International certifications Like CEH , CPH, CHFI, LPT,CISE ,CEHIE, Certified Information System Security Expert, Internet Cyber Security Expert, Certified Android Development & Forensic Expert, Cloud Computer Application Developer Expert, Certified Cyber Crime Investigator, EnCase Certified Examiner, Certified Computer Forensics Examiner, Cyber Law From Indian Law Institute, MCSE and CCNA Certified, Diploma in Digital Forensic & Cybercrime Investigation, Diploma in Certified Information System Security Expert Forensic etc.                               Mr. OoPpSs Deliver Trainings & assisted  to solve their tedious Cyber Crime Cases to CBI (India) And CBI Academy, Ghaziabad, Delhi Police, Delhi Cyber Cell, UP Police, MP Police, Punjab Police, Mumbai CBI, NIA (National Investigation Agency), Cyber Cell, Lucknow, Cyber Cell Chhattisgarh and Cyber Cell Dehradun, Special Task Force (Dehradun), Sultanpur District Police, Punjab Police Crime Branch, DRDO, Ministry of Defence, Ministry of IT, Indian Army, C-DAC, IBM, BSNL, HCL, Google, Yahoo, GAIL, Different Crime Branch Officers & other Govt.& Private Sectors in different topics like Computer Forensics, Cyber Crime Investigation, Email Crime Investigation, Mobile Phone Investigation, Call Analysis and Mobile Forensics, Linux Forensic, MAC Forensic, Android Forensic Investigation & Social Media Forensic, Investigation Of Plastic Card Frauds/E-Banking Frauds, Evidence Collection through Open Source, Human Trafficking Investigation, Cyber Security & Internet Security etc.
Penetration tester with automation skills and want to work for OSINT. Quote: Don't become best be the busiest in your work   ~ Ankit Dobhal
Bug Bounty Hunter
An sophisticated student and data guy passionate about data science and machine learning. Storyteller by data and visualizations using data. Just add curiosity to learning, it goes with flow. Don't stop Learning, Otherwise starts struggling. Keen Reader and Bibliophile with mix of Fiction and Non-Fiction
An accomplished Penetration Tester with a versatile experience of nearly 4 years in Web Application Security, Mobile Application Security, Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing, Professional Penetration Testing Tools and Critical Problem Resolution. On hand experience of Application Security maintenance and monitoring. Deep experience in Application Security project management such as External penetration tests, new technologies/solutions implementation, BCP/DRP planning, etc. Adept at multi-tasking and delivery quality even with tight deadlines, along with excellent interpersonal skills, can communicate at all levels within the client organization.
Information Technology Associate with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology industry. Skilled in Network Administration, PHP, C++, Web Design, and Cyber-security. Strong information technology professional with a Post Graduation program in Cyber Security focused in Cyber Security from International Institute of Digital Technologies.
Certified Ethical Hacker, Infosec Researcher & an enthusiast in security domain. Expertise in detecting business level threats in web, mobile & network level applications. Excellent Knowledge in various Industry best standards like OWASP.
Interested in Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assesment, Security auditing, Ethical Hacking, Attacking and Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing, Web Application Penetration testing, Linux, Wifi Penetration Testing.
Experienced Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Vulnerability Assessment, Ethical Hacking, Metasploit, Penetration Testing, Nessus. Performing Internal and External Infrastructure and Application Penetration testing
Cyber Security enthusiast, Bypassing AntiViruses for fun, Web Application Penetration Tester, Red Teamer, Network Penetration Tester and Exploit Developer.
Yashpalsinh Sisodiya an active member of CyberNGO is an experienced Infosec Professional with a demonstrated skillset of working on Web applications security testing, VA/PT, Mobile security testing, Source Code Review, APIs testing, etc. He has led and managed the IT security projects in the Banking and Manufacturing sectors with management and leadership skills. He has also participated in various debates on live news channels related to cybersecurity and advised people on various cyber frauds related incidents. He has also conducted seminars to corporate clients on cybersecurity awareness. He also has conveyed lectures and sessions as Keynote Speaker in Cybersecurity Conferences on emerging cyber Threats. Strong engineering professional background with a Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) focused on Computer Science from Gujarat Technological University.
Founder of Hacking Articles (www.hackingarticles.in). Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   Top 50 InfoSec Blogs Digital Guardian Described by Digital Guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.  top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  Top 100 Information Security Blogs for Data Security Professionals The Best Information Security blogs from thousands of top Information Security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week.information_security_blogs/   69 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading Information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. In an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. Anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.  10 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading This is our collection of important and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry’s top leaders.    The 150+ Most Influencial Blogs and content contributors in Infosec we analyzed more than 150 Blogs, Magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in The 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of IT security.   
Experienced Director with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Matlab, ROS, SQL, Kali Linux, and C++. Strong professional with a B.E (Hons) Computer Science focused in Aerial Robotics, Penetration Testing from Bits Pilani, Dubai Campus.
Experienced Security Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the Web App and Network Security Industry and strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Engineering focused in Computer Science from Chitkara University.  Area of Expertise:  Web Application Pen-testing, Network Security, Malware Analysis & Reverse Engineering, Wifi Pentesting, API testing.  Certifications: OSCP, CEH, QuickHeal Certified  Rewarded $6000+ for reporting RCE, XSS, SQL, Information disclosure, etc vulnerabilities to various organizations like Uber, Stripe, Credit Karma, Arlos Netgear, Binance Crypto Exchange, Simple Inc.
Seeking a position to utilize my skills, abilities and experience in Information Technology industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.
Experienced graphic design and web developer with a demonstrated history of working in the design industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Customer Service, Engineering, Construction, and Management. Strong arts and design professional graduated from NIELIT.
I am a programmer and experienced web-developer, fluent in Python, C++, C#, V with over 9 years of experience in Python and C++, and moderately versed in 7 other languages. In my free time, I read books and play video games on Steam. I am also a graphics designer and a hobbyist hacker.
I am a Web App Penetration Tester from Kolkata, West Bengal , India.  Currently I am pursuing BCA from Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology (WBUT), West Bengal.  I was acknowledged by some companies, organisation such as: Sony, Intel, Axis Bank, Nokia, Harvard University, OnePlus, Segment etc for my responsible disclosure behavior with them.
Information security professional with Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Master of Science (MS) in Software Engineering. Extensive exposure to Information Security, Penetration Testing Vulnerability Assessment for Web, Mobile Application and APIs security. Deft at interacting with clients to provide enhanced security.
Well skilled in VA & PT of Infrastructure and other platform. Proactive in threat hunting and CTF design & solution. Fond of cyber researcher and writer.  Blogger & Admin of www.hackingarticles.in, Hacking Articles is a comprehensive source of information on Cyber Security, Computer Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Penetration Testing, and other topics of interest to information security professionals.   Top 50 InfoSec Blogs Digital Guardian Described by Digital Guardian as a  collection of the most insightful and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry's foremost thought leaders.top-50-infosec-blogs-you-should-be-reading  Top 100 Information Security Blogs for Data Security Professionals The Best Information Security blogs from thousands of top Information Security blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week.  69 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading Information security blogs give industry members up to date information to help them stay knowledgeable. In an industry that continually evolves, waiting for monthly publications or even quarterly journals can leave a professional uninformed. Anyone living in the modern day recognizes that separating good information from bad information requires effort.    10 Information Security Blogs You Should Be Reading This is our collection of important and informative InfoSec blogs from the industry’s top leaders.  The 150+ Most Influencial Blogs and content contributors in Infosec we analyzed more than 150 Blogs, Magazines and similar sites contributing relevant content in The 150 most influencial cyber security blogs and publications by category - pie chart infosecthe area of IT security.
A Cyber Security Professional with over three years of experience in Information security serving major  FMCG, Financial, Banking, Government, Telecom, Technology, Media and Manufacturing. i started my career through security research. i worked on both the sides of the security, I performed various Red teaming engagements and also detected large breach attempts (Blue team) .  My ability to work on both red and blue teams have helped me gain more insight on defending enterprise on advanced advisories.   On my journey to complete knowledge on cyber security i gained the following certifications: Offensive Security Certified Expert (OSCE), Offensive Security Certified Professional ( OSCP) , Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH).
Cybersecurity / Information Security Consulting, Security Implementation, Managed Security Services, Pentester, Trainer & Speaker, Investor
Highly skilled Vulnerability Assessments and Penetration Testing. Vast amounts experience in high-volume environment with strong programming skills. Strong analytical communication and organizational abilities.
•	14 years of experience in the field of Software Testing. •	ISTQB Certified Software Test Engineer. •	Working as a Scrum Master and good knowledge in Agile methodologies. •	Hands on experience in manual testing at all levels of STLC (Software Testing Life Cycle). •	Expertise in Functional testing, Performance testing, Integration testing, GUI testing, and Regression testing, Automation testing, Load testing, UAT testing on web-based applications. •	Excellent knowledge and working experience with test planning, test case and test script creation, test execution and test results analyses. •	Experience in Designing, Developing, and executing test cases using Functional Specifications. •	Hands on Experience in Bug Reporting Tools like TFS, Bugs DB and Buganizer (Google Internal Bug Reporting Tools), ONYX, Software Planner •	Proficient in SQL Queries. •	3 years of experience in Automation Testing using Selenium. •	Committed to Delivering high Quality deliverables. •	Sincere, enthusiastic, hardworking with good communication and interpersonal skills.
I'm Computer science graduated, working in the field of data science with an aim to make business decision smarter, willing to learn and enhance my skill set everyday.
Individual with strong analytical mindset and training in Penetration Testing, Incident response, and Network security. Coming with a B.Tech degree in Computer Science Engineering and experience with various penetration testing tools. Looking for a suitable position which would allow upgradation of own skillset whilst contributing to the growth of the industry.
#inforsec Learner Security Researcher Professional Keyboard Player
Currently in fifth year of Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering with specialization in Web application Penetration Testing. Started my journey in cybersecurity field by playing CTFs and black hat stuffs at different levels when i was in class XI. Turned into a bug bounty hunter and earned some precious hall of fames and rewards in 2016. Simultaneously working on hackthebox and vulnhub. Information Security enthusiast and keen learner.  Skill-set include web application security and pwning machines.
When I was 19, I wrote a piece about  How the Indian Censor Board is killing creative freedom by censoring movies  I was clearly referring my all-time favorite  Deadpool  movie here! 📝  I thought, why not share it with the world? I instantly posted it on my Facebook profile and HIT PUBLISH!🙌  And that's how my potential in content writing was discovered! ⭐  Since then, I've written thousands of articles to numerous amount of people. Overtime my skill in content creation kept on increasing and now, I'm at a position where Once I say I’ll do something, it will happen. 💯  I currently write content and create videos for Techonation on Youtube. 📸 I also have my own blog where I crunch about Productivity and Self-Improvement. ⚡  I've always loved speaking in front of an audience as that gives me a chance to spread my wings and express myself to the world! 🎙  Now, I put that perseverance to work as the head of operations at Digital Marketing Club. I don’t have to climb any mountains…but I do have to move them. ⛰  I’m well-versed in writing, planning and crafting quality content, public speaking, event planning, and organizing, Instagram marketing, and making videos. 🎯  Psychology is a powerful tool to leverage. Did you know that you can close a deal, sell anything and achieve anything in your life using the power of Psychology and Persuasion? ♟  That's what I'm learning right now in my free time. ✌  I'll let you in on a secret, I was also a certified ethical hacker and was taking up pen-testing and security auditing projects before catching up to content creation. 🖥  If you’re interested in grabbing coffee and talking shop (or to hear how I made my journey till here), please send an email/DM my way.
A number of years spent well in Cyber Security observing fortified system getting compromised, finding hidden weaknesses and developing cutting edge tools and techniques.   I frequently find myself learning in this Ever Changing Cyber threat Landscape while spreading and sharing my knowledge through my books and research
Learn more things about ethical hacking, security(Network & information) and penetration testing.
●ISTQB Certified Software Tester professional with 3.6+ years of experience in Software Testing  ● Currently associated with CRMNEXT, Mumbai as Software Engineer ● Hands-on expertise in JIRA, MySQL, Manual Testing/Web/mobile application testing, Android Mobile applications  ● Expertise in creation of test plans,  test specifications, Exposure to all stages of Software Development Life Cycle  ● Worked collaboratively with QA, development, business groups and clients to complete comprehensive testing on major new releases  ● Expertise in Documentation, Functional Requirements, Test Plans, Cases & Processes, Regression Testing, Defect/Bug Tracking, Test Strategies & Coverage’s  ● Competency to work on multiple projects with cross-functional teams simultaneously and meet   deadlines ● Possess exceptional communication, analytical and problem solving skills to work in multicultural environment along with team management
Learning New Something | Infosec
Computer Science Student . Specialization in Cyber Security and Networking.
Myself S.Selvaganesh from Tirunelveli District.  When I was studying 7th std  I have started using computers.In the begining I used to play only games on computers then I got intrest in editing photos using Adobe photoshop and Started using Microsoft office.Later got intrest in exploring computer hardware and software whenever a problem arise I would like to solve myself without others help.I will also change my operating system myself and I also helped many of them to install any operating .I have installed many types of operating systems like windows(xp, 7 , 8.1 , 10 ),KaliLinux,Ubuntu,Fedora,Cent  Chrome,Vista and I have experince in installing these operating systems and required drivers more than 4 time. Later when I was studing 12th std I know about Kali linux and I stared to study of Kali then after some faliure attempt I have succesfull dual booted kali Linux in my pc and started using it.Though I have no experice any company or working I have gained some skills by myself And have an experience of using different Operting systems in differents pc and diagnostic the problems.
My Self Kumar Atul Jaiswal Urf HackerboY. I am self taught WHH, programmer web developer, web penetester by profession but I am also a YouTuber by passion & a computer science student. Kumar Atul Jaiswal is a name among millions who struggled failed and surged ahead in search of how to become a Hacker ( passionate about Hacking just like profession an entrepreneur ), just like any middle class guy, he too had a bunch of unclear dreams and a blurred version of his goals in life.
Cyber Security Enthusiast
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Vulnerability Management, Mobile Applications, Ethical Hacking, Malware Analysis, and Cryptography. Strong information technology professional with a Bca focused in dual specialization information security and mobile application from Jain (Deemed-to-be University).
2 years experience in information security pursuing OSCP
Started my career as Network Admin and turned up to Certified Ethical Hacker on 2014 . Self Learned Programmer , Started learn more about ML and DL ...
To obtain a Penetration Tester (Ethical Hacker) position with reputable company to enhance my carrier and help company excel.  To  Contribute  to  the  growth  of  leading  Project  Management  Company.    Use  all  my  knowledge  and  skills  for  the  development  of  the  company.  Conducted manual external and internal Penetration Testing carried out social Engineering on-site Testing.    Ability to exploit recognized vulnerabilities.  Superior judgment, Analylitical and communication skills.
Crazee Moves Dance Studio here I give dance training with Techniques. Because Technique is Gem of any Field. If you know the Technique You can do anything.  Do multiple things like Dance Shows, Dance Competition, Song Covers, Wedding Choreographies and college and School functions.  Stay connected for getting updates of dance shows, Videos and Competitions.  Watch me on my YouTube channel where Photos becomes Live.  Instagram - @mast.malang YouTube - Crazee Moves
Penetration Tester At Hackster.io Part-time MIC Tester At BioMed Healthcare Products Pvt. Ltd.  Check Out The Stuff I Publish :- Hackister.blogspot.com
Experienced Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Python, Penetration Testing, ISO 27001, SQL, and C++. Strong human resources professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Information Technology from University of Mumbai.
Ethical Hacker, Pentester, Bug Bounty Hunter, Web Application Pentesting, Android Application Pentesting, iOS Application Pentesting, API Pentesting, Internal Network Pentesting, External Network Scanning, Wireless Network Pentesting
Security Researcher acknowledged by Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Adobe, constant contact, Mediafire, Barracuda and many more.  Have around 4 year of experience in Information Security. Specialized in Web Application Security and Consulting, Have knowledge of Security Solutions, Black box & White box security Auditing.  Have also 4 year experience in Web Development and in Software Development.
I am a Scholar Graduate Btech Cyber security and Forensics, Certified Ethical Hacker(CEHv10) previously worked as an intern in Network Security with Bharti Airtel and Engineers India Limited, hands-on experience with switches, routers, BLE device testing.Working at Reliance Jio in Embedded system security, device assessment. Enthusiastic in learning and growing my skills in Information Security.
Skills in computer and network security. Skilled in Firewalls, Penetration Testing, Malware Analysis, Adobe Photoshop, and After Effects. Strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) focused in Computer Science from Guru Nanak Dev University.
n00b, Security Enthusiast, Software Developer, Open Source Contributor
A guy who loves to break or you can say  just a tech 👤👨‍💻! also a programmer I've Developed Software in many language such as :- > Windows application using C#.Net. > Todo_list/Calc any many small Android app using Android Studio. > Server Client, Packet Sniffer, Zip Password Cracker using  Python. > file encryptor, password wordlist generator, Rcon_Automation using bash script.  Bug Hunter! 🐞🏹 • Social Engineering 🤡❤️ Have 2+ year of Experience In VA & Penetration Testing of Networks , Web-app, Database, Firewall  ==========⭕Red Teamer⭕==========
Experienced Senior System Administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Linux System Administration, Active Directory, Firewalls, Red Hat Linux, and IT Security Operations.
I've completed  Internship projects with Company like Carrefour(Dubai),Punjab National Bank. Received training CEH,ECSA,CCNA under EC-Council recognized  C | EH  Advisory board Member
Opinions are my own and not the views of my employer  Setu is a talented Cybersecurity professional with extensive experience performing Vulnerability Assessments, Third-Party Application Security reviews, Penetration Testing, and Remediation support as it pertains to the security of Applications, Networks and Infrastructure, and Cloud domains  Setu comes from strong application security background and has been working on Cloud Security, Application security, Vulnerability assessment, secure code review, threat profiling and remediation support for web/client-server applications on different technologies based on Secure Design/Development guidelines and OWASP standards/guidelines  Specialties: Cloud Security Architecture, Compliance in Cloud, Application Security, Penetration Testing, Threat Modeling, Infrastructure Vulnerability Assessment, and support  Industry Specialization: Public Sector, Entertainment Company, Publishing Industry, Finance Sector  Cloud Security Products: AWS GuardDuty, Alert Logic Cloud Insight & Cloud Defender, Qualys CloudView  AWS Security Services:  AWS IAM, Amazon Cloud Directory, Amazon Cognito, Amazon GuardDuty, Amazon Inspector, Amazon Macie, AWS Certificate Manager, AWS CloudHSM, AWS Directory Service, AWS Firewall Manager, AWS Key Management Service, AWS Organizations, AWS Secrets Manager, AWS Single Sign-On, AWS Shield, AWS WAF, AWS Artifact, Systems Manager, CloudTrail, AWS Config  GCP Security Products: IAM, Identity-Aware Proxy, Cloud DLP, KMS, Cloud Security Scanner   Firewall Products: Checkpoint Endpoint Security, Forcepoint, Websense, Cisco AMP, Cisco SourceFire, CloudFlare Enterprise WAF, Akamai WAF, Imperva Secure Sphere  Application Security Products: CheckMarx SAST, Veracode SAST, WhiteHat SAST, Contrast Security Asses & Protect Qualys Guard WAS, Burp Suite Pro   Cloud Services: Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform  Information Security Standards: OWASP, SANS, PCI-DSS, SOC2
Always open to learn and work with an amazing futuristic, group of people. Wanna touch all the edges before leaving this world. Happy to pursue the purpose of my life.  u wanna hang out with me then follow me on:-   
Computer Engineering Graduate, looking forward to craft solutions to difficult problems in survivable cyber-physical systems and enterprise information systems. Keen technician and software programmer with extensive experience of online security packages and tools.
As the Security Reseacher at Attify, I leads the Mobile and Infrastructure Security team.I have more than 5 years experience leading corporate pentests and i worked extensively on breaking CI systems, DevOps security, Log analysis and monitoring, and Mobile and Web Application Exploitation.  I am also an author of an upcoming book on “The DevOps Exploitation Guide - a Hackers Handbook”.  In my previous roles, I worked on building web applications and backend systems, before moving to a security role.
The cybersecurity world is a very demanding world It requires us to constantly learn whether it may be new exploits, new technologies, new platforms and so on, That's one of the reasons I keep learning and I think it will never be enough.
I am a social-techno-learner who believes in its own efficiency first and then implements with the suggestions of my strong and enthusiastic Team which helps me takes everything into its perfection level.  # Microsoft Hall of Fame # Envato Hall of Fame # Toyota Hall of Fame   Personal Qualities -  1. Experience as System Administrator, Support Engineer, Network Engineer, IT faculty, Technical consultant, Cyber Security Expert.  2. Quick learner with ability to grasp new technologies, software and hardware. Fluent in English, reading, speaking and writing.  3. Energetic and self-motivated team player. Proven ability to work in tight schedule and both independent and team environments.  4. Extensive Experience in Kali Linux Operating System.  5. Published more than 600+ articles on Kali Linux, Metasploit, Wireless Hacking etc
Presently working as a full-time trainer. Providing Training on various Cyber Security Topics and Cloud Computing.  Currently running #ArishtiLive !
Ethical hacker - you can contact me anytime.  email - ramanidhaval11@gmail.com ,cell - +918530723588 - (Dark_Horse)  My skills are **Vulnerability Assessment**Penetration Testing**Wi-Fi Assessment**   I am currently in search of a company venture that suits my interest area of ETHICAL HACKING so review my skill sets and expertise.  ******************************************************************************* Waiting for a day when my parents can proudly say “That is our Son”.  Want to buy some proper gifts for my parents out of my first SALARY.
6 years of professional IT Experience in Application Security Testing particularly focused on performing technical activities like Code review, Vulnerability Analysis, Penetration testing, Secure Application Testing based on OWASP.  •	Having experience in penetration testing of Web Applications. •	Ability to perform security testing on any web based application. •	Good understanding of OWASP top ten vulnerabilities. •	CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker) v9 certified  KNOWLEDGE OF ATTACKS :  XSS, SQL Injection, Session Hijacking, URL Manipulation, CSRF Attack, Brute Force, Open Redirection, Missing Function Level Access Control, Business Logic Bypass, RFI/LFI, Format String, Command Injection, Authentication Flaws, HTTP Parameter Pollution, HTTP Header attacks, DOS/DDOS, Request-Response Manipulation, HTTP Response Splitting,  Hoogling/Dorking, Man in Middle attack, CORS exploitation etc.  ACHIEVEMENTS: 	 1. Reported Web Cache Deception in one of the leading IT services company. 2. Listed In Google Hall of Fame (For informing about a broken authorization vulnerability) 3. Informed Google about URL redirection Vulnerability in their  subdomain 4. Received Appreciation from WhatsApp team twice for informing about a functional issue and UI breakdown issue in WhatsApp application. 5. Received Appreciation from Changepoint team for informing PE vulnerability in their ERP product. 6. Informed Tooler (Laundry Service Company) about weak authorization process in website. 7. Quarterly Award winner (Q1 2016) at Lochbridge (Current Organization) 8. Received Certificate of Achievement for Exceptional Performance in financial year 2016 and 2018
Experienced in the field of Information Security Domain which includes Network Security, Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing, Web Application Penetration Testing, Firewall Configuration Review, Manual Application Testing and Mobile Application Penetration Testing. Use of different tools like, BurpSuite, Nessus, Netsparker, Acunetix and different security tools included in Kali Linux. Also done projects in different industries like banking, cryptocurrency exchange, healthcare industry and etc.
Over 2 years of experience in managing, designing, deploying and troubleshooting enterprise data network • Managed and maintained LAN, WAN, WLAN connections • Demonstrated ability to analyse and root cause of performance breakdown alerts • Strong knowledge in Cisco routers, Routing protocols, Switches, Firewalls, Computer hardware/ software • Intermediate knowledge in HTML coding and WordPress application • Troubleshoot network issue and upgrade under strict deadlines in a 24/7/365 • Knowledge in Python, Wireless networks, AWS, VMWare, Kali Linux, IP tables • Excellent communicator and experienced problem solver with well-developed interpersonal, organizational and detail orientated; fast learner who is passionate about gaining knowledge on new technologies
Arvinder Singh is skilled in penetration testing for finding the serious threats or vulnerabilities faced by organizations. Capable to conduct internal & external assessments including Black box, White box, and Grey box testing, having depth knowledge of most key tools of penetration testing like Metasploit, Wireshark, Burp-suite, Nmap etc. Brief knowledge of DDoS, DOS, Botnet etc. Session Hijacking, Redirection, Malware analysis, Access Controls, Manipulation of HTTP requests etc in Web-Application. Able to use Social engineering attacks with beef, Man-in-the-Middle, DNS spoofing, sniffing etc. Kali Linux is the major platform to conduct all the assessment or testings. He is proficient in finding website security issues like SQL injection, Cross site scripting, Cross-site request forgery etc. Having intermediate knowledge of python,c, and HTML. Good knowledge of protocols including TCP, UDP, OSI model, TCP/IP model. Overall a powerhouse package to find vulnerabilities and create a secure network to maintain the reputation of the organization.    Also Working as a bug bounty hunter at  hackerone and bug crowd.
Experienced Cyber Security with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Penetration Testing, Manual Testing, Computer Security, Vulnerability Scanning, and Test Automation. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Commerce - BCom focused in Business/Commerce, General from Andhra University.
Experienced Automation Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the networking and electrical industry. Skilled in Networking, SCADA, PLC, DCS, Iec61850 and C (Programming Language) . Strong engineering professional graduated from st.xavier's catholic college of engineering.
Information Security analyst with good hands-on experience for application security testing(Web Appsec, API Testing), Network Penetration & Vulnerability Assessment experience with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology & service and Banking sector. Skill in Burp Suite, Nessus, SoapUI, Metasploit, Accunetix, network tool like Nmap, Sqlmap, Microsoft Excel, Basic of C#, HTML, CSS, javascript and various other Pentester tools. Bachler of Engineering in Computer Science from Mumbai University.
Passionate about Penetration testing / Ethical hacking  ➢ Web Application Penetration Testing [ DAST ] ➢ Mobile Application Penetration Testing [ DAST ] ➢ API Penetration Testing [ DAST ] ➢ Secure Source Code Review [ SAST ] ➢ Well Versed OWASP TOP 10 ➢ Familiar with SANS 25, ISO/IEC 27001:2013 ➢ Can consult to build Secure SDLC ➢ Can take Security Awareness Trainings ➢ Can do Web Application Development
➡ Hi guys, it's me Rahul a.k.a luffydragneel. I keep posting bug bounty tips and any interesting findings I come across in my bug bounty journey. You can take a look at my Bugcrowd profile here, or get in touch with me on Twitter(@Hackers_Guild).   ►AVAILABILITY:         If you have a private bug bounty program, feel free to send an invite my way. I will make sure to fill your inbox with bug reports(of course valid ones).   ►UNSURE OF MY SKILLS? It mainly comprises of Web Application penetration testing and Bug Bounty Hunting. As of now, I have got  3+ years of professional experience in the field of penetration testing and bug bounty hunting in which I have found several vulnerabilities and a bunch of hall of fame in multiple companies.   P.S.: I am actually looking for a full-time remote role as a penetration tester/security analyst/engineer. If you have got any openings relevant to my profile, just send me a 'Hi' and we can talk about it.
1.Perform Penetration Testing which include External, Internal, Web-based, Android, I-phone, ActiveDirectory. 2.Perform Cyber AI Threat Analyst, SOC. 3.My OSCP journy is under progress. 4.Am a exploit writer and exploit convertor. 5.Am a python developer, I have created lot of application using Web2py frame work,Recon tools and Phishing frame-work simulation. 6.Am the founder Tryharder-th youtube channel in the year of 2018. 7.Perform recruitment process and documentation. 8.Have a experiance to create a Pentest labs and Interior of work environment. 9.Am a good tutor taking classes of python and PWK for my juniors. 10.Currently researching on Red Teaming Assessment.
 Penetration testing 
Security is the main thing at present situation. So I am a hacker and licensed pentester. I love hacking and securing.
Experienced Founder with a demonstrated history of working in the security and investigations industry. Skilled in Network Administration, Penetration Testing, Network Security, System Administration, and Linux. Strong entrepreneurship professional with a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) focused in Computer Hardware Technology/Technician from Mahatma Gandhi University,Meghalaya.
I begin my day with a goal in my mind that is to be the Best Cyber Securitian.  Always a Enthu Learner.   An Energetic, Enthusiastic Self-motivated, Self Learner and Hardworking cyber Security Researcher & Penetration tester and Threat Hunter gained a bit of experience in various aspects of Information Security while pursued BCA. Able to use own initiative and work as part of a team. Proven leadership skills, including managing and motivating others to achieve company objectives as well as be a cybersecurity student. An effective communicator at all levels within an organization. Good problem solving and analytical skills.  Has been involved in the information technology And Cyber Security field for 5+ years after Secondary High School. Holds professional International certification Like CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker) and preparing for OSCP and also Certified for Penetration Tester from National Security Database.  Always ambitious for taking part in various Domestic, International, and National Cyber Security conference.  Specialties: Linux Penetration Testing/ Vulnerability Assessment Threat Hunting Web Application Security Network Security Ethical Hacking Certifications - CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker - v9), Penetration Testing, Cyber Safety Essentials (CSE)
Experienced Cyber Security|Cyber forensic trainer|VA/PT expert
Working as a Technical Lead with Tata Consultancy Services for the last 11 years with a total of 13 years of work experience.   Interested in Penetration testing and Red Team.  * Working on Application Security testing (Web, Mobile, API and Thick client) * Good hands on experience in Burp pro * Have worked primarily in the domain Cisco NGFW, FTD, ASA. * F5 WAF, Akamai DDOS & WAF * Symantec Cloud Proxy * Microsoft Azure and Cloud Security * Good experience in Kali Linux and metasploit
Highly-motivated, dedicated, and ambitious professional with a broad background in coordinating  projects, planning events, promoting business services, and ensuring a high level of customer  satisfaction. * Result and goal oriented individual with Strong verbal/written communication skills and Strong  problem solving skills. Self-motivated, Articulate, and Creative.  * Knows how to adjust and work in a quick changing environment. * Successful in establishing an exceptional rapport with individuals on all levels. * Exceptional organizational and time management skills with attention to detail. * Strong principles and practices of supervision.  Being a 1st Generation Entrepreneur, I am passionate about enterprises in emerging markets.   Reach out to me if you feel the same way. You can be our customer, employee, partner or possible an investee startups.
Welcome, Visitor I am A Penetration Tester A Bug Bounty Hunter A Programmer I am Always Working When I am Not Working I am Solving CTF Challenges And Traveling.  I am a student at ABES EC Fourth Year Computer Science Branch.   Facebook private bug bounty hunter .Listed in Fb 2015,2017,2019,2020 Hall Of Fame.  Top contributor at bugreader:  , Hold 4th Rank.  Check PentesterLab  Spents most of my time learning new things .  Check My Pro Hacker Profile @HackTheBox.   Also working on a Python and Django based Phishing Detection Web project.   MrRobot my favourite web series
13+ yrs experience in Information Technology.9+yrs experience in Application Security Testing,penetration testing and code analysis.  Presently associated with Beckman Coulter as Cyber Security Professional
Security is and will always be a major issue with whatever you use, Knowing that your data is capturable and exploited by some for their benefits is disturbing for some. Also the fact that cyber attackers are coming up with new ways everyday to attack you, You are never safe.  After getting my Undergraduate degree from A. P. Shah Institute Of Technology. I started to explore the field of Cybersecurity. And will now pursue a Master's in Cybersecurity From Stevens institute of technology in New Jersey in the Coming Spring.  The only reason i chose Infosec as my career field is it intrigues me to challenge myself by learning new tools and system's. To tackle attacks on a system, To make an entity even more secured by audits.   To sum up my profile in three sentences: I would say I'm -  Good At Developing Websites, Better At Breaking Them Down, Wanna Make a Career In InfoSec.  Feel free to reach out, If you wanna talk about Tech, InfoSec, Or Cricket.
Vulnerability analyser & Penetration Tester
A Lazy person, A Stylish C0d3r, Graphic Designer, Web-Developer, H4CK3R & P3NTr@T10N T35T3R, Part-Time Freelancer and indeed, a long-life learner
I’m a Software Testing professional with over 2.5 years of experience in manual testing, Database Testing and software implementation. I’m also a certified ethical hacker who is actively looking for an opportunity in the field of AutomationTesting / Manual Testing / penetration testing.
I am a CEH having an year of knowledge in the field of Penetration Testing.I love learning new things in this field and If I don't know something,I'll surely learn it.I am currently preparing to acquire the OSCP certification which is my goal.Further on,I will never stop learning.
IT Security Consultant  Worked Onsite (Bahrain) •Planning and implementing security measures to protect computer systems, networks and data.  •To stay up-to-date on the latest intelligence, including hackers’ methodologies, in order to anticipate security breaches.  •Preventing data loss and service interruptions by researching more on the provides technologies that will effectively protect a network. •Interacting with teammates effectively and coordinating professionally to resolve issues showed up during work hours and out-of-office hours. •Intend to learn from leads and co-project associates and apply on project works.
Penetration Tester, CTF Solver, Technical Author, Technical Editor, Technical Trainer, TroubleShooter. Completed Certifications: CEH, CHFI Working On: OSCP, ECSA
Experienced Information Technology Project Lead with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Social Engineering/OSINT, Web-Security, Network Security, and All-Open Source Intelligence, Strong Information Technology professional with an Engineer's Degree focused in Information Technology from RAJASTHAN TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY, Kota.
	Kali Linux 	Unix 	Python 	Java 	C++ 	Network scan and Penetration testing. 	Acunetix 	Knowledge of Password hash cracking MD5, SHA1, SHA2, etc. 	Vulnerability Assessment 	OWASAP 10 	VAPT 	Encryption & Decryption 	Algorithms 	Real-time traffic analysis, network IDS and packet dissection using WireShark. 	Experience with tools: BurpSuite, WireShark, and NMap. 	Knowledge of operating systems, application software and cyber security tools. 	Operating Systems: Kali Linux, Parrot, Red hat, Windows (7, 8, 8.1, 10).
Experienced Hacker with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. A cyber security enthusiast and Skilled in Python,JAVA, Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Management and Nessus.  SKILLS:   * Penetration Testing - If your PT is all about Port Scanning, Service Identification and Metasploit , Hire Me I will make it better.  * Application Security(Mobile/Web) - If your Application Security is all about Burpsuite,Mindless Scanners, Drozer, Needle and OWASP/SANS Top-10 ,Hire Me I will make it better.  * Network Security - If your Network Security is all about Packet Sniffing/ Manipulation ,Securing /Patching Network Devices and CCNA ,Hire Me I will make it better.  * Source Code Reviews - If your Source Code Review is all about Insecure Deserialization ,Input Validation and Scanners ,Hire Me I will make it better.  * Container Security (kubernetes/Docker) - If you think your containers in Cluster are Introverts ,Hire Me I will prove they're not.  * Retail/POS Security - If your Retail Security is all bout PCI Compliance ,Securing POS and KIOSK Breakouts ,Hire Me I will make it better.  * Thick Clients - If your Thick Client security is all about Insecure Storage,Wire Shark and Service Hijacking,Hire Me I will make it better.
Experienced in web applications and network penetration testing. Skilled in Routing Protocols and Network security. Aware of switching technology as well.
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the hospital & health care industry. Skilled in Networking, Ethical Hacking, Information Security, Linux, and Netcat. Strong information technology professional
Actively Looking for an opportunity to work in Cyber security & Digital Forensics.  -graduate in bsc(h)Electronic(From University Of Delhi) -working as assistant consultant, cybrotech digiventure pvt.Ltd - Experienced Summer Internship at Cyber Crime, Gurugram Police under the guidance of ACP Dr. Hitesh Yadav at Cyber Crime Police Station, Gurugram.
Certified Ethical hacker (CEH) with 3+ years of experience and expertise in Web Application Security. Superior capacity to solve complex problems involving a wide variety of information systems, work in a challenging environment independently on large-scale projects, and thrive under pressure in fast-paced environments while directing multiple projects from concept to implementation.  •	Perform vulnerability assessment and penetration testing for Web application. •	Perform security GAP analysis, Risk Assessment, Security Audit and Implementation based on OWASP and NIST Framework. •	Defines baseline security configuration for operating system across multiple platforms. •	Understand the data flow architecture for network segmentation and conducted Network Architecture review and Conduct Security network/server hardening. •	Conduct a review of business functions / process (BRD) from security point of views and implement security controls •	Conduct and manage the portfolio of vulnerability assessment and penetration testing for the entire internet/intranet facing infrastructure •	Monitor, maintain and improve existing security controls •	Support development teams in creating secure products  •	Discovered, researched, and responsibly disclosed of numerous vulnerabilities in web applications. Wrote detailed reports and advisories for each vulnerability discovered. •	Design and roll out of Information Security awareness framework for internal employees. •	Create & deliver presentations on security awareness to the users which include details about the latest threats.
Experienced Cyber Security with a demonstrated history of working in the electrical and electronic manufacturing industry. Skilled in Python, PHP, Networking, and HTML. Strong information technology professional with a Master of Technology (M.Tech.) focused in Cyber Security from Amrita School of Engineering.
People call me nerd but i call my self a Programmer ,  if something is related to computers it attracts me immediately .. if someone name me a thing related to programming or computers it starts a sudden curious in me to grab all the info in that particular thing...
Information security professional with more than three years of overall experience in penetration testing of web applications, RESTful API's.  Specialties: Vulnerability assessment, Penetration testing, Web application security, Web Services security, Network assessments.
Ethical Hacker, Penetration Tester, Bug Hunter, Security Researcher, Marketing Specialist.
Experienced Developer/Pentester/Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Full Stack development, Machine Learning and Deep Learning.
I'm a curious finder of  WHY  I am very passionate about exploring new things related to Psychology and Technology.   Craze about two lines,  1.  Learn like a teacher. Teach like a Learner  2.  Love to Spread Love 
Author | Speaker | Pentester  Intelligence Led Security in different forms: # Continuous Perimeter Security # Asset Discovery and Data Leak Monitoring # Penetration Testing (Network, Web, Mobile Applications ) # Open Source Intelligence (OSINT)
#University Cs  graduate with cyber security background and hundreds of classroom hours in network security,web application security and cloud security. Seeking to leverage newly-minted top secret security clearance and 7.08 CGPA to become the next network security engineer at a good company     ##i help organisation to be secure by performing vulnerabity assessments amd penetration testing. I help them in securing their web application or networks.      ###I started using the computer at a tender age of 7 .and from then I have evolved my skills drastically, a tech enthusiast, Cybersecurity expert. Networking skills, Wireshark, Nmap, Metasploit, Ness, Monitoring, Ettercap, Vega, Maltego, Burp suite, Beef.
I'm Subhash Popuri, a cyber security researcher working at PwC India as Cyber Security Consultant.   On a daily basis, I work on the following things:  - Red Teaming assessment of Client's Infrastructure through Adversary simulation. - Adversary simulation by following all Cyber Kill chain phases like Enumeration, Initial Compromise, Privilege Escalation, Internal Recon & Data Exfiltration. - Conduct cyber security red team assessments and mapping findings to frameworks like NIST and MITRE. - Automate several phases of enumeration and exploitation. - Physical Intrusion assessment at Client's Offices - Assessing Blue team's capability to stop a real world adversary and reporting findings in a presentable and actionable manner.  - Researching and staying up-to-date with new security vulnerabilities and new TTPs of exploitation. - Investigate cyber security incidents and conduct root cause analysis. - Investigate and Report possible entry points of attacker and propose possible remediations for preventing such incidents from occurring.  Apart from work, I spend my most of my free time with Research on ML and Data Science for better Cyber security detection, Movies and Travelling.  I've been privileged to work with many world renowned security teams like Google, Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft, Dell, Cisco among many others as a part of their bug bounty /responsible disclosure programs. I'm fortunate enough to have helped the USA.GOV security staff about potential security vulnerabilities way before their responsible disclosure program was announced.  I'm open to pro-bono consulting and helping people within my legal capacity. If you want to get in touch with me, spare an INMAIL, I can be reached via e-mail at pbssubhash[@]gmail.com (Please remove  []  ).
Information Security Consultant and Researcher with two years of experience in the industry. Skilled in Red Team Operations, Exploit Development, Active Directory Security and Malware Analysis.
Fresher, who is keen learner and artistic solution provider in the field of cyber security.  I am trained in web development and have good practice in vulnerability assessment and manual pen-testing.
Experienced Penetration Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Also had 5+ years experience in software development. Skilled in Information Security, Linux, Vulnerability Assessment, Computer Security, and Web Application Security Testing. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor's degree and C|EH CERTIFIED ETHICAL HACKER from EC-Council University.
Atul Pol is a Senior Consultant, currently working with Ernst and Young LLP, Mumbai with total experience of 5+ years.  His technical work focuses on  - Web Application Security Assessments - Network/Infrastructure Penetration Testing (Internal and External) - Mobile Application Assessment (Android & iOS) - Social Engineering  - Red Teaming   Along with technical expertise he also carried below responsibilities in his short career span  - Manage & Lead team of 10+ analysts - Review security assessment reports and ensure successful and timely delivery of project to the clients. - Be part of kick-off and delivery meetings - Conducting technical interviews.
Being a security enthusiast, i'm interested in application security research, vulnerability research.
Currently I am working as a freelance security researcher and works on different Platforms like Hackerone, Zerocopter, Bugcrowd etc. I have participated in google bug bounty program and currently in top 300 hackers, I have also completed a private U.S based LLC security Project for penetration testing, through this project I have sharpen my skills and have deep knowledge about how API works. I have experience of almost 1.5 years for finding bugs in many reputed companies like google, facebook, sony, microsoft etc and I have found around 300 bugs in almost 70+ reputed companies around the world.
Threat hunting, Pentesting, Shellcoding, bypassing AV's and developing exploits for various application is my passion. In my free time I like playing football, PC games, blogging, travelling and dancing.  Also, I am a huge fan of Arsenal FC!! :)
I am currently studying 3rd year B.E in Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology.I am enthusiastic to work and experience the strategies in different fields of evolving technology.
Web Penetration Tester | Cyber Security Consultant | Ethical Hacker | Certified Penetration Tester (NSD)
Experienced Technical Lead and Campus Ambassador with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. Skilled in Networking, Web Development, Penetration Testing, Microsoft Office, Team Building, Public Speaking, and Content Writing. Strong education professional with a B.E focused in Civil Engineering from Model Institute of Engineering and Technology.
A Professional Hacker made with excellent exposure of IT Security   Here are my roles and Responsibilites:  1. Professional Hacking and Penetration Testing 2. Hard Drive Repair and Data Recovery 3. Excellent Knowledge on TCP, IP, OSI Model, IP Addressing, DNS, DHCP, RIS (Remote Installation Services), IIS, IAS (Internet Authentication Service), RADIUS (Remote Access Dial - In User Service), Windows Server and Linux Server Administration, 4. Problem Analysis and Solving, Exploit Development 5. Known about Various types of Operating System and the underlying Hardware. 6. Financial Advisor and Financial Expert 7. Intrusion Detection, Tracking off Criminals and Network Management  8. Operating System Hardening  9. Known about HTTP Parameter Contamination and Remotesigned System execution 10. Offensive IoT Exploitation, ARM Exploitation, MIPS Exploitation, JTAG and UART 11. Boilerplate and Responsive Web Developer.
Expertise in 	Vulnerability Assessment 	Web Application Penetration Testing 	Mobile Application Penetration Testing 	Hardening Audits 	Network Penetration Testing
I'm Info sec enthusiast, Internationally Certified Ethical Hacker and Web Developer. I helped few organizations in improving their website security by penetration testing. My ranking is #1 in ethical hacking and cyber security training in Hyderabad according to Urbanpro and I gave training's in several universities, colleges, companies and trained 4,000+ students, corporate employees, doctorates and professors nationally and internationally.
A 21 year old Cyber Security Analyst having work experience in VAPT. Secured 300+ companies through their Responsible disclosure program.
An Undergrad Information Technology Student with skills of a Professional Bug bounty Hunter as well as Competitive Coder. An Ideator and an Innovator for solving Real-World Problems efficiently. A Cyber Security Trainer with 1500+ Students trained till date and a Speaker for Motivational Talks and Career in Cyber security.  My Approach towards problems is what i feel is the X-Factor that guarantees an Unique and efficient way for solving it.  That said, I also worked as a Team Leader for developing a Solution that will help tackle this COVID-19 Crisis , and for which my Idea was selected in the TOP-20’s across India by Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) 🇮🇳  Also, With the role of a Team-Leader, Our Idea was selected as the Winner of COVID Innovation Challenge held by MAGIC foundation, Aurangabad.  Along with that, Again as a Team-Leader, Our Effective Traffic Management Idea was personally appreciated by the Expert juries in Smart India Hackathon (SIH) 2020.  I was also Awarded as the Deserving Student of the Year for my academics, co-curricular and extra curricular growth in my school.  I am also a Basketball Player and represented by college at championships for 5 yrs. I pursue Dancing, Singing and Sketching as my hobby and have an Interest in Art too.
Every brand has a story behind it - whether that is one that leaves customers feeling informed and educated, or one that sparks joy and delight. I'm passionate about not only defining and articulating that story but also developing and implementing integrated marketing plans which companies can utilize to tell that story and maximize their reach.  We're living in an exhilarating time where you can reach millions of people through so many different channels. That being said, to build a brand, you need to identify the right audience and craft the right story.  I have years of experience working as product management and Business Development Executive from Startups to Fortune 500. I'm deeply passionate about creating loved and trusted products that help people navigate their careers and achieve their career goals.  If you catch me outside of work, I'm an adventurous traveler - and an avid lover of CRICKET!  I also like meeting new people over a cup of coffee. Feel free to reach out at hirenbhuva.official@gmail.com or DM on Twitter @TheHirenBhuva.  Competencies: Agile Methodology, SCRUM Master, Business Intelligence, Tableau  P.S. If you're passionate about writing tech-focused articles to help people reach their potential, we're hiring! Get in touch with us at flicap.com
Deepanshu Kapoor - Web Developer | Security Specialist | Penetration Tester  I have been building professional, clean, and functional websites and managing security for the past 6 years. Anything from small business sites to large web applications development and its security. My goals are to team up with like minded creatives and build great startup companies and projects.  I have extensive experience in  -   PHP, MySQL, CSS3, HTML5, Javascript, jQuery, AJAX, PHPMyAdmin, AngularJS, NodeJS, MeanStack CMS, MongoDB, CodeIgniter, cakePHP, Laravel, Wordpress, Shopify, Bigcommerce, Magento2  Server Setup and Maintaining - AWS, Linux/ Ubuntu / Redhat / Apache / Centos / Nginx / Plesk /  DirectAdmin/ WHM/ Cpanel /Webmin  Area of Specialization:  - Penetration Testing - Malware Removal - Website Security - System/Network Monitoring - Vulnerability Assessment of Web Server||Application Server||Databases - Web Development ( Core PHP || CMS || Frameworks )   Keep in touch with me -  
Praveen Nair is skilled Independent Security Researcher with a great hands on over the fields of Web Application, Network and Mobile Penetration Testing but not limited to these he loves to ease his time in Malware Analysis, Reverse Engineering, Machine Learning and Problem Solving tactics.On to the individual front he is an Assertive, Flexible and Analytical Realist with an Excellent Presentation Skills.  Certification: Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP)  Area of Expertise: - OWASP Top 10 (in Both Web and Mobile) - Web Application VA/PT - Infrastructure Network VA/PT - Mobile App VA/PT - AD Environment PT  Technical Competencies: - Operating System : *nux & Debian based distributions, Windows OS flavors - Programming Languages: Python, C, GoLang  Information Security Competences: - Vulnerability Assessment/Penetration Testing - Red Teaming - Risk Management, - Malware Analysis  - Cryptography - IDS/IPS - Data Analysis - Incident Response   
Experienced System Administrator with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Windows Server, Networking, Ethical Hacking, Cyberoam, and Wireshark. Strong information technology professional with a CEH focused in Network and System Administration/Administrator from RedTeam Hacker Academy.
Experienced Application Tester with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Penetration Tester, Python, Bug Hunter.
just another security researcher who has very deep intrest in bugbounty🔰🇮🇳#Learner CyberSecnoob
Working as a Professional Penetration Tester Dealing with client and Preparing report to represent the complete vulnerabilities. Hands on experience on Web application security testing (VAPT), Web services testing, Network security testing (VAPT) , which includes Manual and Automated security testing. Web application vulnerability assessment includes dynamic scanning and penetration testing,Advanced penetration testing, . Network vulnerability assessment & penetration testing  Hands-on Experience: # Network vulnerability assessment & penetration testing # IP testing # Web application VAPT (manually as well as automated) with OWASP Top 10 Vulnerabilities # Web services (Rest API's) Vulnerability testing Have expert knowledge of Data Loss Prevention principles and apply that knowledge in their daily cloud security work Guide the cloud security group, identifying opportunities for improvement and then driving those improvements through the enterprise Closely collaborate with security architects in developing cloud security frameworks for the enterprise Provide thought leadership on cloud usage strategy, monitoring, alerting, reporting, and blocking.Examine current cloud security practices and identify key risks, then execute programs to address them Lead large scale programs that span the enterprise to deploy and manage various cloud security appliances and agents Develop, maintain, and report on key cloud security metrics – both as a program and on an individual basis; creating metric templates and scoring models
I am passionate in the field of Computer Forensics and Cyber Security to challenge myself, to take creative projects, to improve my skills and to expertise. 'Be Professional' is my motto. I work hard and I try to innovate and keep the energy moving as much as I can.  I am a person who is positive about every aspect of life. There are many things I like to do, to see, and to experience. I am always ready to expose myself to changing environment and to communicate with people in real-time and I am good at understanding situations, making quick decisions, planning and organizing to a professional standard.
Vikas brings many years of Corporate & Freelance Consulting Experience in Application Security, Penetration Testing of Web Applications, Web Services, Mobile & Network. Having a curious mind in Web Application Security he loves to play around security and breaking them too. He has been acknowledged in Multinational Companies Like Microsoft , AT&T, PayPal, ActiveProspect, Adobe Systems Incorporated, Bitcasa, Dropmyemail, eBay, PureVPN, StatusPage.io, Artsy, Hiveage, Highrisehq, Kraken, etc. His findings are also featured in Hackerone Zero Daily News Letter / SecurityAffairs.co etc. He is also an Offensive Security Certified Professional.
|Security Researcher| Bug Hunter| Web Security Testing| Android Vulnerability Testing|
A learner who's trying to understand infosec things.
Let's make and then break.
I am a Certified Network & Security Professional-CCNSP, Microsoft -SAM, SAP-ABAP (Advanced business and application programming). Tech Savvy IT Security Researcher/ERP Consultant having 10+ Years of diversified Experience in Packaging's, Logistics, Retail, Production-BOPET, Manufacturing (Garments-Retail), Sector as key decision maker profile in Information technology field. Having 5-6 ERP Implementation cycle business architect knowledge for domain like Manufacturing, Retail, and Production etc. with hands on Exp in Different ERP's like Genisys, NAV, Nippon, Webexpress, Logic, GEMS, Dataman etc. Received Sponsored Certificate By Cyberoam Company as Network & Security professional -CCNSP and Cyber Crime certificate from SSP Kanpur. Received National & International Awards/Rewards by many companies as HOF- Hall of Fame with bounty like Yahoo Co., Ebay, Google, Telekom, Skytv, Vodafone Nederland etc. I am currently working as a Sr Manager-IT in Packaging's Company handling company IT infrastructure. After Completion of schooling from Kendriya Vidhalaya, I completed my Dual Master degree (Master in Engineering and Master In Business Administration) and started my Professional career as an ERP and SAP Consultant in 2008 and have hand on experience of different ERPs like Ginesys, Navision, Logic, Newton Nippon Data ,WebExpress and GEMS etc. with knowledge of Data Center SERVER, IPBX, EPBX, ESKO -Software, CTP-8100 Machine's, Image harbor, Firewall,ORACLE 8.0,9.0,SQL-2000, SQl-2000,2008, SAP, VPN, NETWORKING.
Experienced Information Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the IT Security industry. Skilled in Web Applications, Information Security, Penetration Testing, Security Engineer. Strong information technology professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Security Engineering from Southern Methodist University.
Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), Offensive Security Wireless Professional (OSWP) and Information Security Evangelist with deep understanding of Web, Android ,IOS Application Security Assessment Techniques. Possessing the skills to perform Automated as well as Manual Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing along with the abilities to provide code-level remedies to fix the open gaps. Well versed with the Application Development / Designing process required to perform Automated and Manual Source Code Reviews. With strong communication skills to be able to present the observed vulnerabilities to the hierarchy of authorities, be it a Development Team or the Top Management.
•	7+ Years’ experience in Application Security assessments •	Well versed with OWASP Top10 vulnerabilities •	Hands-on experience on licensed security tools (Burpsuite pro, Appscan, WebInspect, Nessus, Acunetix etc.) •	Blackbox testing performed on 2 data centers •	Trained 35 developers for Application Security Testing best practices •	Received Baby Bug, Challenge Coin for special contribution to team •	Received Spot recognition award for my automation work while serving notice period •	Participated internal Bug Bounty program in previous organizations
The Ethical Hacker | Penetration Tester | Information Security Analyst  Technical Skill :-  - Experience in conducting Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Red Team assessments, APT attack simulations, wireless security assessment etc. - Web Application Security Assessment In- depth knowledge of web application attacks and defense strategies (SQL injection, XSS cross- site scripting, CSRF, logic flaws, etc). - Experience in Internal/External Penetration Testing on Network Infrastructure (including Servers, firewalls, Routers, switches, etc) and  Network device configuration audit assessment. - Good understanding of application level attacks with hands on experience in discovering and exploiting issues with without the assistance of tools. - Experience with network penetration testing tools such as nessus, nmap, core impact, metasploit, nipper and similar. - Experience in Security Architecture Review,and analyzing Router, Switches, Firewall rule base focused on security - Good understanding of  OSSTMM,PTES,OWASP Top10, NIST ,PCI DSS,TUV  etc. - Proficiency in understanding and writing modifying exploits.
Information Security Analyst skilled in Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing, Risk Management, Data Loss Prevention, Encryption and CyberArk consulting.
I am a cyber security engineer and software developer. In addition to being a Certified Ethical Hacker with Penetration Testing experience, I also have backend development experience using PHP, Java, SQL and MongoDB.  I possess a practical skillset in defeating all online threats - starting from SQL injection, cross site scripting, remote code execution to all network based threats like malware, bypass UAC and help organizations to track IP addresses using pygeoip library. I have also completed certifications for CCNA(Cisco Certified Network Associate) and AWS Certified Solutions Architect-Associate.  I worked as a Junior Research Fellow for 1 year in Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur with research area of Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing.  Currently I am pursuing by M.Tech  degree in CSE from Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi.   I am a very keen observer of things and always curious to learn more in the field of technology so that I contribute towards it's enhancement.  Email Id- pratikkaria96@gmail.com/mcs192568@iitd.ac.in
Experienced Researcher with a demonstrated Skilled in Web Application Testing, Android Application Testing, Network Pentesting, Graphics Designer, and Ethical Hacking. Strong Research professional with a B.Tech - Bachelor of Technology Pursuing in Computer Science from MADHAV UNIVERSITY.
Securing the world against cyber attacks.
EliteHacker @HTB | Pentester | CTFer
Cyber Security Researcher | Bug Hunter | CEH
Pursuing Bachelor's in Computer Science Engineering(Hons.) with a specialization in Network security. An expert in  managing Linux systems.   On to the individual front he is an Assertive, Flexible and Analytical Realist with an Excellent Presentation Skills.  Information Security Competences: - Vulnerability Assessment/Penetration Testing - Python scripting  - Cryptography - Bash Scripting  Tools : - Kali Linux Suite - Burp Suite - Metasploit Framework. - Wire Shark  Programming Skills: - Good hands on C++ - C - Java  - Python  - Bash
Security Operations keeps me “humble” for I know there's always an adversary out there who is probably a step ahead. SecOps taught me that I dont need to be right every time, but i do need to be effective.  I have had the opportunity to work with some amazing IR and engineering brains/teams.   Product Security on the other hands keeps the “curiosity” quotient in me alive. My application Security journey started around 15 yrs back and though discovering a new / interesting bug still gives me the same high it gave me a decade and half back, I realized long back that Product Security is as much about understanding and influencing ppl as it is bout uncovering bugs.    Am OSCP Certified and in my past life have been featured on most prominent Hall of Fame's (Google, Yahoo, LinkedIn, Twitter, Adobe, Dinersclub, Ebay, Amex,  etc etc).    Detect Bug  / Attacks>> Remediate >> Keep the Pipeline running>> Keep the cloud safe >>Hunt for  Unknown>>  Innovate>> Inspire teams>>Repeat All in a day’s work   I believe managing people and managing Security Risks is actually quite similar, at the end of the day it boils down to understanding and getting the priorities right.  I am well known to play role of a trusted security advisor to leadership in a boardroom to analysts on the SOC floor.   It's People, Process then Technology!!! & its in that order for a reason.
Experienced Security Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Application security, network security and infra security, Pen-testing, Threat modelling, Computer Forensics,Andriod Security, Servers security, Cloud security.
Azaz Ahmed Dobiwala is an Penetration Tester and Full Stack Security consultant with overall 10 years of experience in Information Security.He possess a detailed knowledge of security tools, technologies and best practices.  Degree: Bachelor in Computer Application (BCA). Certifications: Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP), Certified Security Analyst (ECSA), Ethical Hacker (CEH), Cisco Certified Network Associate Routing & Switching (CCNA), CCNA Security, Cisco Certified Network Professional Security (CCNP Security), Cisco ASA Specialist, Cisco Firewall Security Specialist, Cisco VPN Security Specialist, Cisco IOS Security Specialist, and Certified Secure Computer User  Specialties: ✔ Web application Penetration Testing ✔ Web Service & REST API Penetration Testing ✔ Thick-client & Thin client Penetration testing ✔ Network Penetration Testing ✔ Secure Network Architecture Review ✔ Vulnerability Assessment ✔ Wireless Network Penetration Testing ✔ Secure Configuration Review ✔ DLP (Data Loss Prevention) ✔ Firewall Management & Rule-set Reviews ✔ VPN Administration & Security ✔ Active Directory (2003,2008,2012,2016)  Worked as an on-site Consultant at multiple client locations to conduct various Web application Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing and also, Secure Network Architecture Review.  Using tools: Nmap, Netcat, Burp Suite Pro, Acunetix Web Vulnerability Scanner, HP WebInspect, IBM Rational Security AppScan Enterprise and Standard Edition, Netsparker, SoapUI, Rapid7 Nexpose, Nessus, Metasploit , Foundstone SiteDigger, CORE Impact Pro, Immunity Canvas , Sqlmap, Security Compass Exploit-Me (SQL Inject Me and XSS Me), OWASP Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP), Nikto, and many more.  Future Goals: OSWE, OSCE , CISSP
Cyber Security Analyst
My dream is to be a Cyber Security expert. Researching about new hacking technique,exploit etc. Find me @H1: namunah@wearehackerone.com
Experienced Technical Trainer with a demonstrated history of working in the education management industry. Skilled in Reconnaissance, Gaining Access, Enumeration, Maintaining Access, Mean Stack, HTML, Linux, C (Programming Language), and Python (Programming Language). Strong sales professional with a Bachelor of Technology - BTech focused on Computer Science from Lovely Professional University.
I am Penetration Tester and  Security Researcher in the Domain of Application & Network Security.   I have been working for 7safe as Security Consultant for Security assessments of 7Safe's Clients.   I have previously held  the Role of Technical Lead at Managed Security Services for Clients at IBM for Vulnerability Assessment and Management,Penetration Testing , Incident Response and Malware Analysis.   Specialties: Application Security Assessment, Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment and Management,Malware Analysis,  SIEM ,Linux Systems , Network Security, IPS, Certified Ethical Hacker, Information Security
Research oriented cybersecurity student, Interested in Low-level software security, secure coding, Threat Intelligence and Nature Inspired approach.  Cybersecurity & Digital Forensics student at VIT. (Bachelor of Technology)(3rd year /4)
Red Team Assessment, VAPT Assessment, Web Application audit, PCI DSS, Source Code Review, Active Directory Audit, OWASP 10, AWS configuration audit, System Administrator.
Enthusiastic and analytic individual having 2 plus years of experience into Information Security and Penetration Testing having hands on experience in various domains to include but not limited to, Security Testing, Red Teaming, Code Reviews, etc. Also stays up-to-date with existing and latest technologies. Currently preparing for AWAE(OSWE).
As a Sr Security Test Engineer 5 + years of experience both Onsite and Offshore in Web Security with Mobile Security Testing   <arun value= profile  ref= Kadapa  location= India .currentPlace= Hyderabad  action='web/mobile app' position='Sr penTester' workOnClick=Polaris(former) onfocus_employer= Appstek  mail=arunk540@gmail.com> </arun>
Nakul currently serves as a Security Consultant. His work mainly focuses on conducting vulnerability analysis and penetration testing.
•	Passionate about Information Security and Penetration Testing and Mobile Application security  •	Wide Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (V.A.P.T.) Experience on web applications.  •	Remarkable experience in Manual and Automation web application Penetration Testing.  •	Good understanding of attack scenarios and common vulnerabilities.  •	Sound knowledge on OWASP Web Top 10  •	Ability to analyze test results and suggest mitigations for security problems.  •	Handled documentation and reporting.  •	Hands on experience on different Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (V.A.P.T.) tools  •       Deep knowledge about Web Vulnerabilities SQL Injection,Buffer Overflow,XSS,CSRF,LFI etc
CEH , pentester, bug bounty hunter and CTF player.
Anirudh Anand is a security researcher with a primary focus on Web and Mobile Application Security. He has been submitting bugs and contributing to security tools for over 7 years. He is the Web security team lead for Team bi0s, a CTF team from Amrita University (#1 security team in India according to CTFtime (. His bounties involve vulnerabilities in Google, Microsoft, LinkedIn, Zendesk, Sendgrid, Gitlab, Gratipay and Flipboard.  Anirudh also has contributed to several OWASP projects with notable contributions being in OWTF and Hackademic Challenges Project. He has presented/trained in a multitude of conferences including c0c0n 2019, BlackHat Arsenal 2019, BlackHat Europe Arsenal 2018, HITB Dubai 2018, Offzone Moscow 2018, Ground Zero Summit Delhi 2015 and Xorconf 2015.
Kiran has 6 years  and 2 months of experience into cybersecurity. He specialises in Vulnerability Management, Penetration Testing and Cyber Threat Profiling. He is adept in python programming.  Experience and Projects Worked:  Vulnerability Management - Worked on both Qualys and Nessus ( actively participated in Assess, Build and Operational phases)  Penetration Testing - Performed pentest on Web Applications, Mobile Applications and External Network.  Cyber Threat Profiling - Performed external threat modelling using OSINT tools, Dark web and RiskIQ.  SIEM(Arcsight) - Anomalies detection and Analysis, correlation and building use cases.  Security Control Audit - Perform audit control checks on client network infrastructure based on NIST and COBIT methodology.  Red Teaming Perform OSINT and gather information of the target, Configure and Perform VA and App Scan through darkweb to be stealthy to evade blue/purple team, Attacking - web and network end points to get initial access, Setting up Command and Control Server in AWS cloud enviornment for post-exploitation ( SLIVER, PUPPY, Powershell Empire, Proton) , Actively participated on Social Engineering activities, Active research on identifying and exploiting possible vulnerabilities to gain initial access, Data exfilteration, Reporting - Technical and Management.
Hi! I’m Akash Thakur. I’m a Banglore based Developer, Pentester, Speaker, Trainer, and Cyber Security Enthusiast. I hail from land of God's Himachal Pradesh. I am a huge .py fan and love to do my all codes in Python apart from low-level stuff :P   Currently, I work as a Cloud Security Engineer with Cisco Systems.
Cybersecurity Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Ethical Hacking, Burp Suite, Nmap, Metasploit, Network Security and Application Security. Keen on learning more and more.
Specialties: Product Management and vision roadmap , Startup Orientation ,Artificial Intelligence,machine learning, deep learning, Thought leadership,corporate strategy, Competitive strategy, Business unit research & analysis,Market segmentation analysis,Innovation and implementation of statistical recommended strategy,business portfolio analysis
A Cyber Security enthusiast and bug bounty hunter, with technical exposure to both testing and programming.  Skilled in various activities of Information security, like:   •	Web Application Penetration Testing •	Network Penetration Testing •	Configuration Audit (Have done configuration audit for Juniper Switch, Juniper Router, Juniper      SRX Firewall, Cisco Switch, Cisco Router, Cisco ASA Firewall, Big IP, MAC, Fortigate Firewall, RHEL, SUSE servers, Database Servers Windows Servers etc.) •	Mobile Application Testing (iOS, Android)  •	Vulnerability Assessment  Have good hold on security tools, both manual and automated tools like:  •	Qualys •	Nessus •	Netsparker •	Burp Suite Professional •	Nmap •	Nikto •	SQLmap •	Metasploit framework •	Android Studio •	JDgui etc.  Have knowledge in following languages:  •	Java •	J2ee •	Python •	ASP.net  Motto :  Never give up, and keep gathering knowledge.  
15+ Years of exp. in the Software Industry involving Security Assessment/SDLC, Security Automation, Development & Quality.    Specialties :   ✓	Experienced in owning E2E Security Assessment covering planning security review efforts, prioritization, execution, release decision, incident response and resolution.  ✓	Expertise in Pentesting and Security Development Lifecycle (SDL) ✓	Well versed in Threat modeling, CVSS Scoring, Security Automation, PSIRT, Code Review ✓	Experienced in mentoring and grooming team members on Security Review ✓	Good at researching on new / emerging attack vectors ✓	Experienced in conducting Training's/Tech Talk’s on Security Related topics ✓	Strong ability to think from adversary perspective. ✓	Expertise in planning & leading security team ✓	Well versed in security automation  Certifications:  ■	Cloud Security Alliance's CCSK (Guidance v3.0),   ■	CEH,  ■	CompTIA Security+,  ■	Stanford's Software Security Foundations and more.
A crazy kid hacking into your applications | knowledge in Web, Mobile and Network pentesting. | Freelancer. | Bug bounty hunter. | Interested to learn IOT hacking.  》 VAPT Trainer. 》 Freelance  Pentester.  Mentor:  Rakesh Thodupunoori.
A Web Application Pentester From India. Love To Find Loopholes. No System is Safe & Secure. Holding 1st position as Security Researcher in PUBG Bug Bounty Program. 2nd in ZOHO Bug Bounty Program & OPPO Bug Bounty Program. Top 40 in Facebook Bug Bounty Program 2019. Helped 50+ Fortune Companies by Reporting Security Bug Ethically. Also Interested In Photography.  Acknowledged by Apple,Google,Microsoft,Facebook,Twitter,Yahoo,Dell,Dutch Government,Nokia,ESET,Avira,Intel,...
AppSec | Cloud Security | Container Security | DevSecOps | Incident Response
Cyber Security Expert, Trainer & Consultant. Independent researcher. Experienced Security Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the professional training & Corporate industry.
Experienced in Threat Hunting, SecDevOps, Splunk, Threat Connect, Exabeam, Akamai Luna, ThreatQ, CyberSponse, Tanium, Demisto, RSA Netwitness, Unfetter, Sourcefire, AWS GuardDuty, Airwatch, Proofpoint TAP, Symantec EPM, Cofense Phishme, Forescout, IBM QRadar, AppScan, AlienVault, Qualys, Snort IDS, Cuckoo, Kali Linux, Parrot Security, Python, Automation, SOAR, Burp Suite, ServiceNow, JIRA, Slack, Nessus, Security Onion, Acunetix, OpenVAS, Information Security, Web Application Security, Penetration Testing, SOC Operations, Vulnerability Management
Currently a third-year Computer Science undergrad by day and an Information Security Researcher by night with a penchant for Offensive Cyber, SIGINT, Information Warfare et cetera. A voracious reader and I also play the Violin when I am not tinkering with computers.  Favourite quotes: “Amat Victoria Curam” - Victory loves preparation.  All warfare is based on deception  - Sun Tzu, Art Of War
Information Security Professional with close to 13 years of comprehensive experience in various verticals of IS. Domain expertise mainly into Cyber Crime Investigations, Digital Forensics, Application Security, Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing, Compliance for Mandates & Regulations, IT GRC etc. Holding a Master’s Degree in Computer Science and several Industry recognized certifications like Certified Cyber Crime Investigator, Certified Ethical Hacker, Certified Security Analyst, ISO 27001 Lead Auditor, IBM certified Specialist- Rational AppScan, Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), PRINCE2 etc. Closely associated with Indian Law Enforcement agencies for 4+ years dealing with digital crime investigations and related trainings and received several awards and appreciations from senior officials from Police and Defense Organizations in India.   Authored several books and have also been technical reviewer for multiple books.  Apart from this,  also associated with several other online Information Security publications, both as an author as well as a reviewer.  Specialties:  Cyber Crime Investigations & Digital Forensics End-to-End Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing  Enterprise Application Risk Assessment IT GRC and  Compliance: Working knowledge of ISO27001 , COBIT 5.0 , NIST SP 800-53 Preparing security hardening checklists for various technology platforms. Web Application Firewall, Database Security Security Orchestration Secure SDLC  IoT Security
 The strength of any chain is the strength of its weakest link .I believe this is applicable to everything from a mini handset to the largest cloud system hosted around us. I find myself curious and interested in finding weaknesses, vulnerabilities, and loopholes in any given system which has led me into the ethical hacking and cybersecurity domain and am actively pursuing and refining my skill set in it. Given the current scenario of the cyber world, it is imperative that one learns how to safeguard and proactively defend against possible threats that might arise from the ever-increasingly complex set of threats and attack vectors.  I hope to become an effective and efficient pentester someday in the near future to analyze and help to mitigate the possibility of an attack.  For the same I am actively looking for my dream team in an organization where i can test and forge my cyb sec skills and hone my skills.
Vulnerability assessment and Penetration. Testing (webApp,Network, Mobile), Configuration reviews. I have 2 yr experience  in total  and international  onsite experience  also. I have completed CEH V10,Qualys  vulnerability management and web application scanner certificate recently .  I have bugbounty Experience also.
I specialize in Java and Python and have professional experience working on web development. In TCS, Working on Maximo Java  customization and configurations and Python automation scripting. Playing CTFs and aspiring to become a pentester
Founder, Director and Chief Executive Officer at Safehack  Reach me on: Linkedin Message kanishk@safehack.in
I am a learner www.youtube.com/c/Pentestingwithspirit
Hey there, reader! I'm currently a Cyber Security Engineer at Ernst & Young. I did my undergraduate program in Computer Science & Engineering from Amrita School of Engineering, India. There are many personas to me, and here are some that co-exist peacefully -  (1) The Pentester  me , inherits the quality that he achieved at a very small age, right since he used to break his dad's spectacles and mom's glass vessels, only now he breaks Web applications, Networks & systems. Being a Fanboy of Python, most of his automation scripts revolve around footprinting and reconnaissance. He carries immense love for VAPT and is often found researching in the related areas.  (2) The Programmer / Software Developer  me , likes to build functional and useful scripts of Python. The fields of these scripts consist of  Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Web Scraping, Social Media API, Deep Learning & what not! Most of the scripts can be found open-sourced on GitHub.  (3)  The Web Developer  me , likes to build full-stack and responsive websites. He's tired of conventional Bootstrap & PHP - and rather prefers rapid prototyping with Python frameworks - Flask & Django. However, even after quite some experience, he can often be found ranting about the ever-increasing number of new JavaScript frameworks to be learned, when asked to choose from JQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS.  (4) The Coffee Lover  me , is just a persona that is induced by the above three personas, to keep away from sleep and to battle the rants of the above three personas on a day-to-day basis.  (5) The Cricket Maniac  me , likes playing Cricket matches and analyzing variations of bowling in Test Cricket.  (6) The Fanboy  me  likes watching & discussing many TV Series', such as - La  Casa De Papel, Game of Thrones, Breaking Bad, Silicon Valley, etc.  (7) The Grammar Nazi  me  likes the English language in general and shalt mercilessly correct your grammar/spelling mistakes. He also likes reading novels and is in charge of writing the blog posts.
HoF:  Facebook, Microsoft, DoD, Medium, SEEK.
Experienced Information Security professional with a demonstrated history of working in the IT industry. Skilled in Penetration Testing,  Network Security and Information Security.
Full stack developer specialising in React.Js and Node.js
Proactive individual with a demonstrated history of working in the software industry. Skilled in Django Development, Python Programming, Cyber Security, .net Development using C# and MVC, Computer Networking, Microsoft SQL Server Management on the technical side & Digital Marketing, Content Writing, Social Engineering, Event Management on the non-technical side. Strong media and communication professional with a Bachelor of Technology focused on Information Technology from SRM University.
I am working in Inknowtech as Web application and network penetration tester and I have good knowledge of ethical hacking and networking . I am looking forward to enhance my career in Information Security domain.  My areas of interest are the Web application and  Infrastructure penetration testing and I like to code and develop vulnerability scanning tool development using Python.    I have registered few CVE's with my name which is available in CVE-2018-15842 2: CVE-2018-15843 3: CVE-2018-16726 4: CVE-2018-16727 5: CVE-2018-16728 6: CVE-2018-16729
Penetration Tester , Bug Hunter and Cyber security expert
My passion drives me to INFORMATION SECURITY and now focused on AI/ML.  Below is the highlight of my skills:  Machine Learning for Cyber Security Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, ML DevSecOps Secure Architecture Reviews/Design BoT Security Audits AI/ML based System Security Cloud and Mobile Security iWatch Penetration Testing Network Penetration Testing Red Teaming Secure Code Review for Android, IOS and Windows MDM/MAM implementation with policy enforcing and Deployment NFC Pen Testing, Mobile Payment System Security Kiosk Device (POS) Security Testing Mobile App Penetration Testing Web App Penetration Testing Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (VAPT) WAP Server and Payment Gateway Security Assessment Web Server and DB Server Pen-Testing Security Audits, Network Security Triage,Dynamic and Static Malware Analysis
I don't stalk | I investigate
I am an Electronics Engineer and passionate about drones . I am obsessed with technology and its working principle and make DIY projects.  I also love to test tech products, Gadgets and show them on my youtube channel.
Cyber Sec = ♥️
A young Ethical Hacker with a demonstrated history of working in Bugcrowd as an Independent Security Researcher in Penetration Testing. Skilled in Linux, Networking, Digital Marketing, Web Application, Penetration Testing, Android Penetration Testing, API Penetration Testing, Python, and Automated Tools. Specialization in Web Exploitation, Bug Bounty Hunting, and Penetration Testing.   Passionate about Information Security and always seeking to get hands-on Security Domain. I am always excited about Security along with Adventure. Growth through learning is the motto of life.   1. Listed in Google Hall of Fame. 2. Under 500 Worldwide ranking on Bugcrowd 3. Hall of Fame from Dell, HubSpot, Western Union, Pinterest, Mastercard, Netgear, Kenna Security, Unilever, HealthifyMe, Inveteck Global and many more 4. Recognized as Good Contribution by NCIIPC-RVDP (Govt. of India) towards the nation for Cyber Safety. 5. Delivered online training sessions to more than 100 seekers. 6. Recognized by more than 50 various MNCs for finding various vulnerabilities on their application. 7. Published five Google Dorks in Google Hacking Database (GHDB).  I have a great working experience with people who are well skilled in their own field. I played both sides of the game to discover the right one and stick to it. Hence, I am currently looking for an enthusiastic working environment in Cyber Security and Penetration Testing. Also, interested in advanced security & forensics-related certifications and programs.   Feel free to contact me if you have any queries and interesting projects for me. I will be more than happy to work for you!
Information Security Professional
Learner
Hacking & Security is my passion. Accomplished and performance-driven consultant with 5 years of expertise in security implementations, enterprise management, various security assessments which includes VAPT, application security testing (Web and Mobile Based), API Testing, Segmentation PT, Thick Client Pentesting, SDLC roll outs, CI/CD, DevOps, DevSecOps process, secure configuration review  and secure code review activity across the domains of telecom, banking, credit card, insurance, trading,  home automation and other micro services etc.  Currently I am working with OWASP on MASVS Project (Hindi Translation) and I also worked with Practical DevSecOps on DevSecOps University Project.  Apart from daily office routine, I read latest security and technologies bytes to keep myself updated. Learning and Experiment Bug Hunting Open Source Research CVEs Attributed : CVE-2018-6955 - Clear text Transmission of Credentials CVE-2018-6956 - Missing Protection for Automated Techniques CVE-2018-7200 - Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF) CVE-2018-7201 - CSV Injection CVE-2018-7202 - Stored Cross Site Scripting (XSS) CVE-2018-7220 - Remote Code Execution CVE-2018-7416 - Stored Cross Site Scripting (XSS) CVE-2018-8066 - Configuration file Disclosure CVE-2018-8067 - Arbitrary file download CVE-2018-8068 - Captcha Bypass
Cyber Security Architect with strong skills in networking, Cloud, Application, Database, Firewall, Load Balancer, Key management, IAM policies. I have designed and implemented security architecture for large fortune 500 clients, i have experience in multiple industries like Finance, Telecom, Health , Pharma, FMCG, Oil & Gas. I hold different implementation certifications like Thales Encipher, AWS security specialist, F5 ASM Web application firewall, Cisco Certified Network Associate etc.  I have hands on experience and managed highly skilled penetration testing team and have certifications like OSCP and eWPTX which are hands on time bound exam to hack the system and application provide professional grade penetration testing report. While designing the system i can think from attackers perspective to make sure security system is foolproof.  I am interested in learning emerging technologies and the security implications for these emerging technologies - Cloud, IoT, Blockchain and Machine learning.
A Penetration Tester, Vulnerability Researcher and *Internet of Things* Security Enthusiast.  I have been​​ working in​ ​Cyber​ ​Security​ domain​ ​for​ ​the​​ past​ ​5+ ​years,​ ​primarily​ ​focused​ ​on VAPT,​ ​security​ ​engineering, IT compliances and​ ​research.​ In​ ​my​ ​spare​ ​time​ ​I ​enjoy​ hunting​ for​ security​ ​bugs, and keep​ ​up​ ​with​ the digital​ ​evolution​ ​and​​ hacker​ culture.  As a researcher, I work with anything that revolves around security landscape.
Almost 9 years in Information Security.  Experienced in Web Application Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing, Mobile Application Penetration Testing for iOS and Android Platforms, Thick Client Testing, Secure Network Architecture Review, Secure Configuration Review, Wireless Network Penetration Testing  As a Security Analyst, performed multiple Web Application Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing, Mobile Application Penetration Testing.   Worked as an on-site Consultant at multiple client locations to conduct various Web application Penetration Testing, Network Penetration Testing and also, Secure Network Architecture Review.  As a Sr. Team Lead, manage and govern the team to ensure quality and adherence in the process. Handling engineers working on Web Application Security assessments, Network Vulnerability assessments, Mobile Application Security assessments, Secure Configuration reviews. Handling client communication.
With 9+ years of experience in Cyber Security , Telecom & Health Care Industry and have worked on different Domains and Projects.  Well Versed with Telecom domain, Forensics Investigations and Data Acquisition, Cyber Security, Network Security , ISP operations including Tripleplay (Voice, Video and Data) Services and health care domain with experience of HIMS and EHR deployment .
An IT security consultant and researcher with over 2+ years of expertise into Network and Web Penetration Testing. Competent and skilled IT & Web Security Researcher. Apart from professional experience, have a Passion and diligence for hacking, finding new bugs and vulnerabilities.   AREAS OF EXPERTISE : * Web-App Penetration Testing * Network Penetration Testing * Vulnerability Researcher  * Vulnerability Assessment * Bug Bounty Hunting * Cyber Forensics   TOOLS :  Network Penetration Tools- Nmap, Nikto, Sparta, Ikescan, Netdiscover, Wireshark, Tshark  Vulnerability Scanner- Nessus, Nexpose, Acunetix, OpenVas, GFI Languard, Retina, WpScan, Vega, Netsparker  Exploitation Tools- Metasploit, Commix Injection, Veil Evasion, SET, BurpSuite, Beef, SqlMap, Armitage, OWASP Zap   OS : Backtrack, Kali Linux, Parrot, Black Ubuntu, , Windows Server 2008,    Vulnerable Labs : DVWA, Metasploitable2, Metasploitable3,   TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES : * Programming Languages: PHP, Python, HTML, Javascript, C, C++, C#, Java * Operating Systems: OS X, Win-7, 8.1, 10, Kali Linux, Windows Server 2008 * Database: MySQL   INFORMATION SECURITY : Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Cryptography.   FIELDS OF INTEREST AND RESEARCH : Information Security, Penetration Testing,Vulnerability Assessment,Bug Bounty, Cyber Forensics.
Co-Founder at SCADS Technologies. Cyber Security enthusiastic. Love to do business. Strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Technology - BTech focused in cloud technology and information security from Ajeenkya D Y Patil Innovative University .
Interested in building secure web appilcations. Ethical Hacker, Pentester. Passionate about developing world class mobile apps.
I currently do research in the area of systems, networks, security and their intersection.
Building carier in IT Security  as a Professional Pentester and Security Researcher.
Offensive security with Blackhat mind. I am enthusiastic about research, experienced in application development with programming languages Python, PHP frameworks (Laravel, WP and Custome) and JAVA, Also, worked in IoT Product development and SCADA System where I have worked in Node-red and Python,   I have published 5 CVE and found vulnerabilities from different technologies such as WordPress, routers, RFID and SCADA systems also reported to many CERT.  Developed sitescanner tool where I have included OWASP top 10 vulnerabilities with 1000+ payloads including XSS, LFI, and RFI.   Published CVEs ● CVE-2020-10874 ● CVE-2020-10875 ● CVE-2019-7736 ● CVE-2018-19456 ● CVE-2018-16605  Programming Languages  Python, PHP framwork Laravel, WordPress, Node-Red ● Develop SiteScanner ● Easyhack.in Blog  Online Challenges Participation  ● HackerRank - Solve SQL challenges
A software engineer and academic achiever, with an impressive list of relevant co-curricular credentials and perfect training in the field of cybersecurity, seeking a challenging position in the Cyberworld. Want to gain knowledge about the technologies used in security through working on various projects. I am a Certified ISO 27001:2013 Lead Auditor, Amazon Certified Cyber Security Speciality, trained in Azure Security.
Scate To Lem.





